
### Step 12. Step-07: GIT Commit & Push Hello World RESTful service changes to Github.md
 Welcome back. In this lecture, we are going to commit the court, which we have developed in our previous lecture, which is about Hollowell service being and then hello, World Service returning this string, all those chord changes. We are going to commit to our local good report, which is nothing but zero to a hollow world. And then we are going to push it to the remote REPL at the same time, again, will take us back to Master and then Master Zero. Hello, World Local report to Master. And then we will also push the master to the remote repo so that it completes that. Our master is in sync with the latest to 02 Hollowell the branch. OK, so let's do that now and then. This completes our Hollowell service, the service section. OK, so let me go back to the terminal. OK, so clear and then I'll say good status. So I am on Branch 02, Hollowell and Ontrack and file sohel one file in Hello four package, which is nothing but our user detail service. OK, so I'll say get and right and I'll say good status. It became Greenall so user details service. We have created Newlyn Hollowell controller. We have made that in this case so I'll say it comit minus M and then I'll say uh hello world this right. And I have committed that changes. So now I have committed this present in the local tripple. So subject sure. Branches. OK, so now you can see it here in zero to whatever is the code. It is not there in the master socket I will say clear and will come from the top. OK, I'll push it to the remote branch first. OK, so now I'm pushing it so that a zero to Hollowell locally and zero to Hollowell in the remote should be at the same state now. OK, super. So it should be nine F for one eight three four. Good. So now what we'll do is we'll go back to our master. Right. Get Checkout Master. So now we are in the master. Right. So now from in we need to merge the changes from. Zero to Hollowell to master. So I'll see you get. Much 02. Hello, world. So now we have major changes. So now they will do it, get pushed from the same master so that both master and master from local and remote will be in sync. So now master also will be at this stage. So let's go back to our browser and then go back here. And if you see here, Hollowell base came back to our master. Whatever we have come to, just not right in the same way for zero to Hollowell, also Hollowell base and it is nothing but nine have for one year committer. I right it three four. OK, it should be the same for our master to ride nine four one eight three four. Right. And now indictee also we should see that master is checked out. OK, so let's see it here and then master should be not checked out. Did see. Yes. So that is something. So this completes the creation of forwarder. Hello world. This service OK with both a string and then beam and then also managing it via GitHub project. OK, so in the next lecture, in the next complete section we are going to work on a bigger example. OK, and then understand everything about get mapping, post mapping or kaputt mapping, delete mapping. OK, everything in detail. 