
### Step 7. Step-02: Introduction for managing Spring Boot projects via github.md
Welcome back. In this lecture, we are going to understand about managing multiple projects via GitHub get repositories. So the main idea of doing this is like so for every major step we implement in our code, we are going to create a new brand example. Now we have the basic set up ready. I like that, which is nothing better. Whatever we have imported, we can consider it as a zero one ground zero branch. Right. So now let's go ahead and then check out two zero two for whatever the changes we are going to do. So ground zero is like whatever. We have imported the best product. So now we are going to take out Copel movement from master example. Now I'm going to implement double get mapping. So for doing the get mapping and select that zero to hyphen that mapping as my branch and then I'll go ahead and then implement the changes related to that mapping in my respect to controller and respect to model all those things. So once a complete yes, I'm going to come back to that respect to zero to date mapping local branch and then I'm going to put the same code to the remote branch in the GitHub and then I'm going to check out the master and merge those changes from disrespectable zero two or get mapping branch to the master. So that completes that. I have created a new branch. I have completed my development there and I have checked in the code to my local and remote branches. And then I have the code with my master. And once I match the code to my local master, I'm going to push the master also to the remote repository. So now I have two applications to it. If I go ahead and then open the zero one Ground Zero branch, if I check out this branch, it will be a base project. And whatever I said here, like for example, we took zero to get mapping and if I check out this plant, I have to get mapping changes here. So it's like an incremental we are building our entire springwater application means like applying all the building blocks in an incremental manner. So what that will give us is like up from learning perspective. So first thing what we get, it is like we'll go to the GitHub and check out our project. Right. So as soon as you check out the spring board building blocks project, so you'll get all the respective repositories in your local right or you can clone that were just to on GitHub repository and then you can clone it to a local. So in all those ways, you'll get all the branches with you. So it's incremental map understanding the are understanding and then going through the entire code base so that your job offer for every step of the code and then import it or GitHub, you need to for every step you need to unzip your code, download it imported to the eclipse. So all these things comes into the picture. And instead of learning, there will be a lot of homework we'll be doing there. Lot of work which is not useful for us. But in this manner, learning will be fast and you can change to the states at any point at our convenience. So that is the thing. And another thing is at the same time, in the real development world, how we are going to manage the branches and then how we are going to push the code. So in addition to learning pinboard, we are also learning that managing the. Special projects where GitHub repositories, so both hand in hand will happen for us when we are executing these things. So basically now what we are going to do is so we are going to do a best set of steps. So what is that is we are going to create a project in the GitHub repository. Right. And we are not going to initialize that project. We are going to just create a simple project there. And then we'll go to our local repository, local project location where it is there. And then we are going to initiate the local repository and then we are going to create Masterbrand and then check in Cordier and then we will add Gitter remote Autogen. So this is nothing, but we are going to get the original from GitHub and then add that for our local REPL so that we know that a. For remote branches that respect to GitHub repository, and we are going to push the code to that remote branch. So this completes our masterbrand setup. So now my masterbrand is with the spring base project, what we have created. So now what is our next step is like same. Our Masterbrand is nothing but a base project, but then we keep on incrementally increasing. We are going to start with the master, right? So to ensure that we have our base Ground Zero project, whatever the base spring project we imported. So what we are going to do is we are going to create a zero one ground zero branch, so we'll create zero one Ground Zero branch and we are going to push the remote branch up there to zero on ground zero. So now we'll have zero on ground zero in local and then we'll also have the same in our remote repository and then at the same time. In addition to doing all these things in command line, sometimes we fail to use I.D., which is flexible for us, like you can see that view and then get perspectives. So they'll go to the get perspective and then add this respect to local repository there. And then in some places, like instead of every time doing well, come on line by following these steps, geocode go to new branch and then make changes and then commit, go to local branch. Sometimes you come online, sometimes civilians get Eyedea Estacada so that what happens is like, OK, we get the hand in hand experience for both things right. So let's go ahead and then implement these things.    