
### Step 11. Step-06: Create a Simple Hello World REST Service which returns a Bean (JSON).md
Welcome back. Now we are going to create a method which militants have been in this lecture, so we are going to create a simple matter with militants had been with some content like first name, last name, and then in disinformed. So to do so, we are going to create a class user details and then we are going to map it in our control class. Right. So we choose in a very simple matter, which we are going to create in our controller class. So let's do that now. So. So we are back in our ideas. So let's do that from the first create a user details class here. So the third new class and then see that as user details. Right. And in user details, let's define three attributes. Provide string first name. OK, and then. Private string, last name and. Private street city, right? So we have defined three attributes, sort of three variables we can see and then we will create. Getters and setters for the same. So let's go here and then generate, get Sensata, select all generate in the same way, will also create the. Source gendered constructor using Fields'. OK, so we are creating the same now, and so we have created the Fields constructor and then we have also generated the same set does OK. So also generate the two string. OK, so we'll see to string. OK, so now let me also say bowstring, so this completes our user details, class creation. So let's go back to our Hollowell controller and then go ahead and then. Create a simple matter here, so public and what it is going to return for us is user details, right? So I'll see user details, right. And this says Hello world. Then we can see it, OK? So it is going to return the user details for us. OK, so now we are going to return the user details. So to do so, what we need to do is so we'll see a new user details and provide some data here. OK. So I'll see. Uh, first name is color and comma. Second name is really. And first name and last name. I have greater intensity. I can see Hyderabad. OK. OK, so this is what we are going to return. So I have completed creating a simple method now so let's go ahead and then create it, get mapping for the SIM so I'll get mapping and redgate mapping and so. Hello, world. Hello, world been right, so let's say it. So now we have completed creating a simple user, details being and then we are returning it back. OK, so let's see what happens now. So let's go back to our browser. OK, and then say hello, world hyphen Bill. OK, so if you see it here now. The Hollowell bean is returning our first name, Ascalon last name is ready, and then sits Hyderabad, Soini, Jason format. So that's about returning it been so what we have done is we have we went over. We have created a new class named User Details Class. We have defined three variables, first name, last name and city. And then we have created the first constructor. We have created the getters and setters. And we also created the two string. And then we came back to our Hollowell controller. And then we have created a simple method, Hollowell Bean, which returns user details for us. OK, so and then we have created a written new user details with all three barratry parameters, whatever it is required. OK, and then we have added the get mapping so we can return the Hollowell being back to us and then we are seeing the content in the different format. OK, so here. OK, so this completes the old bean section which we have discussed here. So in the next section we are going to work on pushing this code and then merging this with M.. So this completes the complete Hollowell Razavi section for us. OK, so for now, only for this respect to Hollowell Razavi section, we try to use the command line. So it took a little bit of more time for you when we are doing the command line for git commands, but it's a good idea to learn them. So in the next lecture and also we'll try to use the idea so that it will be faster for us for creating a branch, are committing the code or merging the branches. Everything will try to Broadway it so that it will be pretty faster. OK, but for for one last time in the step for how we have created the branch and then whatever we have done here now in the next letter also will do the git push with all the commit code and all those things directly will command line for one last time. OK, and if required in middle for a few of the steps. Again, I'll try to use the command line so that again it will be a refresher for you all. . Thank you.  