
### Step 5. Step-00: Github & HelloWorld Introduction.md
Welcome back in this section, we are going to understand and then implement a simple high level dress service. So in addition, we are going to manage our entire course project where GitHub. So we are going to do all the best GitHub setups here in this respect to S. So to see the implementation steps for the same thing. So we will start with creating a simple Springboot based project by generating the project using Startup Spring that I will we will go ahead and then understand the basic GitHub concepts required for managing our Springboot projects. OK, well get up. So we'll do the GitHub based setup and then move on to adding that repository to the spring pool. So tidy in the get perspective. So we'll go ahead and then I'll build a simple hello worldclass from April to latency string. So in the step for when we are building the data repository and then initializing it, we will ensure that for the rest. Filipe, we have a separate branch in the GitHub, so both in our local get repo and also in the GitHub remote repo. So then we move on to creating another simple hello world service, which latency, which is nothing but this and response and then finally will go ahead and then get commit and then push for this Haulover service so we can it in the local and also post the same thing to other remote git repository so that we have the branches in local and also in the remote. So this completes the basic implementation of Amidror. Set ups and also the Bucella wrote a stable introduction, so in the next lecture will go ahead and implement all those things and see in the next lecture and then bye bye.  