
### Step 8. Step-03: Github Base Setup.md
Welcome back. In the previous lecture, we have discussed about how we are going to manage Springwood projects where GetUp! And then in this lecture we are going to go ahead and do the best set up, implement the best set of steps required for getting the our GitHub remote repository and our GitHub local repository and our idea to the Bay State where we can start using furtherer doing Allura document. So let's go ahead and do that now. So we are going to do the best set up steps now. So the primary thing there is to create a project on the GitHub, OK? So if you see it here, this is our GitHub repository model, which I'm going to use GitHub dot com slash stack simplify. So we are going to go there and then create a branch for the spring, the building blocks application. So let's go ahead and do that. Welcome back. We are in the GitHub Dotcom's to simplify repository area, so we have only one repository here. So this completer GitHub account will be managed only for the production level code, which to simplify is going to create on the courses. So this is created for the Codes for Dabblers Code Commit Code Bellecourt JPA pipeline so far that we have created. So now we are going to create one more repository now, which is for Springwood building blocks. So there will not be any other repositories in this stack. Simplify account only. We will have the production code level code, which is nothing. But whatever is used in the code is only those repositories will be there so that any time any student want to reference from codes to that respect to the repository, that becomes easy for him to understand and then implement. So let's go ahead and then create the new repository. So we have done so in the stack, simplify the repository, we are going to give it a springboard building blocks, right? So it's a description is like we are going to land springwater fundamental. We are going to land springboard all building blocks as part of this course. So that is something. And we are going to publish it as a public repository. And we are going to skip this step because we are not going to initialize this repository here. We are going to the what we call import the project. We are going to push the project from our local repository to here. So that's the reason we are going to not check this respectable option. So I'm going to click on Create Repository. So now how created the repository and here is the link for connecting to this site, which is nothing but getups tax simplified sublingual papen building blocks that get so no will go to four more on to the next step. OK, so let's go back and see. Now we are going to go to our local repository and then initiate the local repository and create our master branch and then check in the code and I get to report. I get a remote origin, which is nothing. But whatever we have got just now here, see, we have got this here. This is nothing but a remote origin. Yoran So this year we are going to point there and then we are going to pull the code to the remote branch and then we are going to also verify in remote branch. OK, so it is a time taking process. But once we understand these fundamentals from get perspective or you are going to benefit a lot when doing the course are when you are doing the development from you're from from your origination perspective. So all becomes easy for you. So let's go ahead and then perform these steps. OK, so so we are in the terminal also. If it is in windows, we'll have the get bash. So if we download the data from jizya, so what we'll get is we'll get the get Basche terminal. In addition to that, we can do that via Vrsaljko terminal. Also using power in windows are here also become where we ask Yasko terminal. But from my perspective, I prefer using the Mac terminal directly here. And so if you see here, if I click on Present Working Directory, I am in my coach project, Springwood Building Blocks Project. If I say unless I can see all my project details here, I listed all the files here, so I'll say it clear. And now I'm going to initialize this folder. Springboard building blocks, disrespect to folder as it gets repository. So I said get in it. OK, so it initialized the project. So if I say get status right. So Node says that on Bandmaster more coming. See it. So which means we still didn't add any comments and these files are in the track instead. So these are not attracted by the git repository. So we can go ahead and then track these files. So add to the tracklist so we'll get our space dot. So then we are saying get ad space. Dot dot is nothing, but all the files need to be added to the tracking. So then all these files will be added. So currently you are seeing in red color these things. Now if I say the word status, all will be the green color, which means they are tracking more. So now what we need to do is now we have staged them, right. So now we need to come with them. OK, so now what I'll do is get comit minus here. So I'll see first. Come it right. So now what happens is like all these files got committed so you can see your ten files changed, 681 insertions and all these files were checked into the Daytripper. So let me do the clear and then now we'll get status. So on branch master, nothing to commit and then working two clean. So which means now we have successfully completed the masterbrand chicken. OK, take enough code. So now we have now we need to add the original. So let's add the origin. So remote get remote origin will be the come in. And let's go back to our gate report. Here is the thing. And then copied and pasted. Right. So now we are going to add the origin. So now we have completed adding our origin, which is nothing but our remote gate reporting the GitHub. So now we have the remote Blantyre so we can directly, Siddharta, get pushed minus U and then origin and then provide a master. So what this does is like every time, you know, to get the push and then again origin and then mastered all the details you need to give if you use this command. OK, but if you use a different command, so what happens is like a set up stream will be there is one more command so that always whenever you do just get push from disrespectable or master from the respective branch, then automatically that changes will go into that branch. OK, instead of writing a big command, once you set the upstream automatically, you just need to you just get push from that respect to branch and then it will take it. So let's do that. OK. So let's add this now. OK, so gate get push. Up upstream. How did you master so what this do is like. From next time onwards, we don't need to provide a good push username and an origin and then master all these details, we don't need to provide it. If you just said get Bush then automatically from this master branch to local master blaster master, but the genius will be pushed are sinked. So now for the first time, it will ask for that username. So I'll see stac simplify and the password. So now my question is successful and then it pushier the brand, we can see it here to Springwood building blocks get new blood master to master, a master set up to track the plant master from Origin. OK, so now we can go to our GitHub and then see the source and then bombard Zemel, all the files on the GitHub. Let's go ahead and then do that. Not so. We are on the GitHub now, so let me click on Stack Simplify and we have the project here, Springwood Building Blocks and we can see here all our first coming details has been checked in and currently we have only Masterbrand. So now we are going to create one more Blandino in our local, which is not a zero one Ground Zero project. OK, so we are going to do that now, so let's go ahead and do that. So let's say get status. So now we are on Bandmaster Mostert. So check out minus B, ok, hyphen B, hyphen B will give us to just check out and then other branch name will check out to that branch. OK. But if you see say hyphen B, it is going to create a new branch for science here zero one. And then I can say. Ground zero, so it is nothing but ground zero base, I can see. OK, so this is my branch in here. OK, so now I switched to a new branch named Ground Zero. If I see, I get status. So you can see that we are on Branch zero one ground zero base. So what we are going to do is here also for Ground Zero branch. Also, we are going to set up the get Bush set up upstream origin master. And we are not going to change any changes to this. OK, but just as a standard, whenever we create a new branch, we'll try to setup's upstream to respect to branch on the remote repository so that it becomes a habit for us. OK, so I'll say get push. Third upstream origin, and then I need to provide the. Branch name. Right. So this is my branch name. OK, and then I click on Enter. So no disrespect to Branch Zero on Ground Zero base will be created in remote repository and also will be in sync. So brand zero on ground zero base set up to track remote brand zero on ground zero based from Origin. So now we'll go back to our GitHub and then see the same. So now we are here. So let's go here to springboard building blocks. And if you see here, we have the zero one ground zero base. So we have the master and zero on ground zero base. So this completes like whatever we want to create from the branches perspective and then set up our GitHub account and then local GitHub repositories, all these things. So we'll have completed our three three B, Part B set up steps, which is create a project on GitHub and then create a master branch and then perform all the changes here and then also create a zero one ground zero based branch. OK, so we also created that respective base branch, OK. So in the next lecture, we'll focus on adding that report to the outside. OK, so that will be able to manage the same thing where I. So I'll see you in the next letter and then bye bye. Thank you.  