
### Step 10. Step05: Create a Simple Hello World RESTful Service which returns a String.md
 Welcome back. In this lecture, we are going to work on Hollowell, the service, we are going to build a simple hello press service. So we have divided this into three parts. One is for which is nothing but build a simple hello, well-dressed service. So which will return it. And the second is two, which will return Jason back means like we are going to return it being so that it will be in decent format. So that is like will return in simple, simplest and with first name, last name and then city. So that one and the other one is like, OK, we are going to o come at these changes to the zero to hello world respect to Branch and then we are going to push it to the remote repository. So this time we are going to do our command line just to get an idea, just to get more experience with the command line. So let's do that now. So let's start with the four year. So first we are going to create a good branch, right? And then we are going to create local controller. So let's start with creating all these things step by step. So in Hollowell controller, we are going to create a simple matter which returns a string Hallowell and then we are going to mark the controller as the readdressed controller. And then we are going to test with both mapping, a direct request mapping and then aderet get mapping. So let's do that now. So we are in our GitHub now. We can see it here, latticed committees and I need to fight for the master and but for a zero on ground zero base is something different. So which means we have a second coming here. But in the master, we don't have it, which means first we need to merge the zero one ground base to the master and then push the code and then know from the master. We are going to check out the zero one Hollowell branch. OK, so let's do that now where our terminal look. So I say get a branch. OK, so I'll see that now we are in zero on ground zero. So if we want to merge zero one, ground zero to M. So we need to go to Masterbrand. OK, so get Ticketmaster before that. You can even see the difference using short branch also. OK, so you can see it both are Nazeem here. OK, so master first come in. This one happened after that happened in the second coming but in master we don't have those details. OK, so what we will do is like we'll go to get out master will and will say it gets data so it will show that we are on Branch Master and then we'll say good branch. So that will get the list of branches and then we'll say good marked. What is a branch way to merge to master is zero one hyphen ground zero base. Right. So now. We have made it so now good status. OK, so now, oh, we'll say good. OK. So say get push. So now if you go ahead and then see that in our here, so let's see, OK? So, Master, we have seven, eight, maybe seven to be OK, and here you can only eight, seven to 2B, which means like a both our master and then Zeron Brown is also in sync. So now we can create a new branch named check out minus B, and then I'll said zero two. Hello. OK, so so this created and then we have checked out that. OK, so let's go back to our idea and then see the same. OK, so now we are in the idea with the 02 Hello world. OK, so and in remote we still don't have this. So if we want we can set this up with the first time. Whenever we check out a new brand, our standard step is to get push hyphen set up stream like we do a good get push hyphen set up stream origin and 02 Hello World. OK, so now it pushed to the remote repository. So now let's go back to our this one and then we'll click on we can see here file refresh. We need to look. OK, so we can see you're the remote also we have got the zero to Hello World, right? So this confirms that we are good with the creating our new brand zero to Hollowell in both the local and also in the remote repository. And it is in the tech instead from local. So we are going to do our next tune. OK, so let's go ahead and then start building our Hollowell service now. OK, so let's go ahead and create a new hello world class. OK, so we can create another package, ok. So I'll say hello package and in Hello package, I'm going to create a new controller named Hello World Controller. Right. So now I'll click on Finnish. Right. So this is the controller. So we are seeing it as controller. Right. And then now we are going to create a simple method. Right. So we will say public and written by string. So hello world. And then let me return a string. OK. Hello world. So now I am returning it. Stringers Hello World. So now we have created a simple matter which will return. Hello World. So let's now work on making this a rest controller so we'll see list controller. So this will import the springform percolator, the rest controller package. OK, so now we'll move on to making things like now we have the rest controller imported. So there will be two things to handle here. So one is how to access this in the rest. Nothing, but it needs the euro. Right. So one it needs is the euro. So we can see it as a slash hello world. And the other thing which we need is like from our browser, from our last client, like Posman, with which Matabele to access it. Right. So we are trying to get the data from this respective service. So which means like it is going to be the get method. Right. So we need to implement that so we can do this in two ways from a rest perspective. So they have two annotations to do that. One is a direct request mapping and the other is a direct get mapping. So what we are going to do here is we are going to first use the request mapping and we are going to import that. And then we are going to say method is equal to. Request. Metadata, you can see these all of the metadata supported from a spring framework perspective. And we are going to use first thing as it get right. And so we have completed this part. So in the next year, you are nothing. But it is also called the fourth. Right. So part physical to slash. Hello, Lloyd. Right. So no. It said, so we can see it here. So what we have done is it is a controller. We it as it list controller did it rest controller and we have written a simple hello world method, which will return a string hello world. And then for any other service, the important things are you worry politically to map to access it and what metalic need to use either get put ok delete. So it say it's going to return some content. Hanawalt back to wherever we are accessing the respectfulness client. So we are going to use the request metadata that get in the parties. Hello world. So let's start our Springboot application and then go ahead and then tested in our browser. So now our Springboot application is started. So let's go back to our growth. So we are in our browser now, so we are going to see localhost AT&T slash. Hello, look. So now we have got our Hollowell response here, we can see it here so I can make it bigger if required. So, Hollowell, we got it. Let me take it back. Yeah. So now this completes our Hollowell with a direct request mapping. OK, so we can even do the same thing where get mapping. So let's comment it out and then try to edit it, get mapping. So far this we don't need to use. Method is a call to request dot request metadata because we are treating it as a did it get mapping. Right. So now if that is the case, so then we can directly say. Slash hello world right now. I'll say hello, world one. So just to see the difference, OK, if something cast in my browser or anything, OK, control shift all from my windows. OK, but your comment. You've Yiftah OK in. Mac, Yeah, so and then let me save it and then see the devil's behavior, OK, so it will auto to load all the changes. OK, so literally, you see, I just saved the file and then it started reloading all those things. So that's the good thing about the bolts dependency, which we have added. Right. So now we'll say hello. Well one way to get mapping and then is in our browser. OK, so let's say hello old one. So we got it. So if you want, we can even see this as one and then save and relax this one more time. OK. Say hello. Well, we've got to talk. So this confirms that we are good with a simple hello world service, which requires a direct rest controller as the controller annotation and trade. Get mapping with the slash. Leslie. But OK, so this completes our string type of alola service. So in the next lecture, we are going to work on creating it or we are going to return. You will be. It will be like on the on the browser, on the desk, like it is going to be the decent data. So let's go ahead and do that now in our next lecture.   