
### Step 6. Step-01: Create Spring Boot base project from start.spring.io.md
Welcome back. In this lecture, we are going to create a simple springboard project with requite dependencies. So we are going to go to Starbucks, bring the table and then generate our product using that and then import it to eclipse. So we are going to use the dependancy, says Springboard Starter Web Springwood, dev tools, spring data dippie and then head to database. So we are going to use Springboard Starter for building our web services. The same can be used for building the web applications using spring. So we are also going to use springboard dev tools. So which will be helpful during our development process to exclude the steps of compile and run. And then as soon as we make any changes to our code and if we save the project, save the respect to find those changes will be artillery to the day we are embedded tomcat immediately. So for that purpose, Springbroot, the tools helps us a lot and the spring data J-P and to database these we are going to use at the later part of the course. Initially we are going to use the static least to implement the things and then get all the building blocks of Springboard together. And then once everything the whole project is ready, then we are going to convert that to project using spring data dippie and then in-memory database Haeju. So. Once we create the project, we are going to verify the dependencies in our palm, that XML. So how this has been populated there and then we are going to just run the app and see that if everything comes up properly. So in this lecture, we are going to do these things. So let's go ahead and then do those now. So we are in the Starbucks spring that I will, and the project we selected is the Mavin Project. So we are going to do this using Mavin and the language we are selecting is Java. And the springboard version we are taking it is a test that is not one, not six. And the Project Medidata, in that the group we are going to give is.
ar stuc. Simplified, not less services. OK, and the artifact, so which is. Springboard building blocks, nothing, whatever project name, right, Springwood building blocks, and if you seen the options, the package name got extended to here, which is after the services, it also took the Springwood building blocks. So we'll remove that. So we'll use the package names, comp, not stacks, amplified up rest services in the packaging. We are going to use this Java and the Java we are using is Yate and the dependent's is now comes to the dependency section. So if you see we are going to use the springboard starter web, so spring the starter. So which helps us to build web, including zestful applications using spring, MVC uses a party tomcat as the default and butter container. So we are going to select this and the other one is dev tools. OK, so Springwood Dolittle's. So if you see it Proops Springbroot 2 restart lively load and configurations for enhancer parliament experience. So we are going to select this. So other two which we are going to select our spring data --. So if we see here. Yeah. So this is the spring data J-P, so let's select that in the same. We will also select. Hedge to suggest a database. In addition, we are going to look into Springbroot Actuator and then Spring Hayatou is all these things in the later part of the course, those details we will add as and when required. OK, so far now we'll start with Spring Web Startup Spring, beautiful spring day to appear and then has to database. So let's clarify all those things one more time before clicking on the gender project. So if you see here we are in the Startup Spring that we have selected the project as Mammone project language as Java and springboard us to that one. That's current latest version. So we are not using any snapshot versions. We just using the stable version 2.0 and six and the project data we have given the group has come that stack simplified out the services, which is going to be our package name and the artifact is Spring Woodhaven Building Blocks. So in addition to if you see the dependencies, we have selected Web start tools that are dippie HESTA database. So let's go ahead and then click on the gender project. So our project got generated. We have seen the success message here and it got downloaded. So we need to copy this project to the location where we want our all projects to be maintained so that there we can unzip it and then in particular Eclipse. So let us copy that. So I it to my course projects folder, so Springwood building blocks that zip. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to unzip it. So using the Arko utility. OK. So now my project is unzipped here. We can see it here, Springwood building blocks and we have got the project. So we'll copy this location and then we'll import it to our eclipse. Where Eclipse. OK, so let's do that. No. So we are in the eclipse now, so let's click on file. And then click on import. So in import, let's search further, Merwyn. So here is the moment. So I will say that existing Mavin products. OK, select the existing Mavin products, click on next and we can directly browse from here. Our copy, our. But so it is nothing but in quotes, projects, we have the. Project, OK, so it is Springbroot building blocks so I can click on Browse so that it will get populated here, so it is here, we can see it here, we can click on Open. So now my problem that XML got referenced here so we can finish. So now the eclipse is trying to impose the Manhattan Project, OK, and it will also resolve all the dependencies, download all the dependencies, and it will take a while for doing that. OK, so let's have it completed now. So all the dependencies got downloaded so we can see it here, so we can see our main application file, Springwood Building Blocks, application DOT Java. So this is our main application file and it looks good now. So we can see it here in the source main Java. We'll have all our packages and then it's equal. And the. And in the swordsmen, resources will have a static files, templates and our application dot properties so we can see the bomb that assembled here. So if you open the Pontotoc symbol. We can see all our details here, Kamaraj Tax Simplified Outlet Services, our group and over at the factory and our product name, Springwood Building Blocks. And if you see the dependencies here, you can see springboard starter, the data dippie starter web and also spring the tools in the same way. We also have a little history database. So Springboro started this will be automatically loaded. So we also got that one. So these are the dependencies we have currently Navarra, Baumgart XML. So let's go ahead and then start once and then see that it started properly so in Sydney's Springboard app. And they'll say, OK, fine, so we didn't make any changes, but that's the thing. So if you see here, our company got started and we don't have any issues. So if you started putting the building blocks application here and we see that very clearly, so this completes the first step, which we are looking in. So we have created our project. We have selected our dependencies. We have verified our dependencies in the form that XML. And also we went and then also started the Springwood app and then verified if it comes up properly or not. So this completes our disturber.    