
### Step 9. Step04: Add GIT Repository to Spring Tool Suite IDE.md
Welcome back. In this lecture, we are going to add this respectfulness repository, which we have created for this project in our society so that we can view it from our perspective or we can manage it from our perspective. And ideas are even we can check in the court files everything. We're good staging view. So let's go back to our personal history. So we are in our era, you know, let me stop this come down. And if you see here in the. Window in the prospectus. OK, so see other OK, and then we can see it here, the get perspective. Right. So now we are also opening the gate perspective. Right. So this is the get perspective so we can click on this option, which is nothing but add an existing local git repository to this view. OK, and then copy our directory here and then browse that, OK. So my project directly is at this location. I'll click on Browse. So this is my project directly through Springboot building blocks. OK, so I'll click on Open, right. And then I'll select that thing. OK, so now I'll click add. Right. So now my good repository is added here so you can see zero one ground zero base. Right. So if you go here. So in the branches, if you see local you can see master and then ground zero. Both has the same code here, nine E to SC. So which means both has the same level of code currently. And if you see here in the remote tracking also you can see two branches, OK. So Origin Master and then Origin zero one ground zero base. So we have two branches here also. So which confirms that yeah, this everything is good from good repositories perspective and it's decided. So now we can go here. And then in addition to that, what we are going to do here is so one thing. OK, so we'll also see the sure view and then we topin don't get staging. OK. So. Let me see where it is. OK, so it's not in the perspectives, so it should be in the short view. OK, so let's say other and then I'll say good staging. Right. So this is like whenever that change happens in the staging of you, those changes will be displayed and then we can take in the quote directly from here also. So let me make it bigger. So let me go to Springboot to shoot here. And we are in the we are in the zero on ground zero base. OK, right. So if I say just if I see some command lines two and then see automatically, you can see it's unstaged here so we can drag it here and then see the second comit. Right. And then we can say comit and push. So that same changes will be pushed to both our local and then remote repositories. OK, so I'll take it and then push. OK, so far my stack simplify details for my idea. Also it needs the credentials. So I am saying stac simplify tax simplify and then I'll say password. OK. So is your surname, and I'll say Thida and pointis you are. Squalene. I'll see school one. OK, so just. OK, so now you can see how did I push you to Springboot building blocks, to our remote repository to so I where this could get changed. Let's see. So now go to get and if you see here, the master has nine years to fight this year. And here you can see so on YouTube seven to be able to see him in that remote also so we can even see the come on our I respect all branches. OK, here. So let's go here. And then we can see we have two branches. OK, so master. And then. What we call a default brand is master, and it has updated 31 minutes ago, but our zero one ground zero, this updated one minute ago. So we can see that changes here, that we have a new 10 years to this respect to branch. OK, so that's about the setting up of our new. Project the. Related intel, GitHub set up, so now we have all the GitHub things. Set up for our project, now we can move on to our core project, which is nothing but a Springboot building blocks.   