### Step 26. Step-10: Implement getUserById RESTful Service - @GetMapping.md
Welcome back.  In this lecture, we are going to implement that get usability method in service and then control early  years.  So in the service layer, we are going to create a great user base method user by any method.  And we are also going to discuss about the return type optional object.  OK, so it is nothing but a container object.  And in addition, we are going to work on controller near where we are going to create a great user  by any method and apply the optional return for that matter too.  And we are going to introduce part variable annotation so that how we are going to handle the end user  research center in that you are your first request.  How we are going to handle we are going to see in the part variable annotation and we are going to also  annotate the current user by any method which we are defining and controller with the direct get mapping  and that you are we are going to define with the part variable Iot.  So that's about the controller layer, which we are going to implement.  So once that is completed, we are going to go to Posman and then create a request for this data user  by Irey Service and then test it so that you are going to use this like this OK, user slash idea of  that respect to you that we are going to pass.  So that's about it.  And the method we are going to use is get method.  So let's go back to our idea and then start implementing the user service.  OK, so we are in the user service now.  OK, so this is the one.  So.  Let's go ahead and implement that no.  So I'll say.  Public, the return type, you are going to return the user by finding it using that I.D., the return  type is user.  So how the return type changes to optional will see it not.  OK, so get user by idea.  And the input we are going to pick here is idee.  Right?  So that is something long, Heidi.  Now, what we need to do here is user.  User is equal to user.  Repository, not fine.  OK, so if you see dippie provides a default method, OK, from the repository also we can see here  find by right here.  OK, so which brought you to spread a better cloud repository here.  OK, so fine by Aidy and then whatever you want.  OK.  If you see here it's lupine type is optional.  So let me select this and then let's talk about the optional container object.  So optional is nothing but a container object which may or may not contain it nominal value.  So user might present or might not present.  So we need to handle that.  So how we are going to handle is provided here, which means like if you see here, we can check if  the user is present using its present method.  Right.  If present, what should be happen and then if not present, what should happen?  All those things will be available here in the fine by any method.  Right.  In addition, if you see here, we can also throw exceptions using ardell occupancy, Nevada exception  handling case.  What is Idelson then how we are going to throw that.  OK, so but for now or optional is a container object which may or may not contain the null value and  it has additional features for handling the exceptions effectively here.  OK, so let's go here and then change that type of user to optional users.  Right.  So in the same way, if I see a written user.  So you will also see that in the method written type two optional user, so now is returning the optional.  So this completes our service letter writing the user by the method.  So now I will go to the controller area and controller area.  We are going to define our gate user by any method here.  So in controller, we are going to introduce part variable now and then.  It's the new thing which you are going to introduce.  Let's see how it is going to be OK.  So.  Get used by Heidi.  Right.  So let me bring it up so that it will be easy for us.  OK, so I will say.  Public, as we know that we are going to return the user as optional user flight, so and get user by  idee.  OK.  And this is going to be our thing.  OK, so now we need to add the input, which means like whenever a request sensor uses with the user  data in that you are right, how we are going to handle is using a direct part variable like.  And let me say, the value is Idy, right, and it's five pages long idee, right, control command  shift all four are this one.  OK, so Java Yuta optional and the command shift or.  And if you see.  OK, so we'll add that written statement, no and written statement and no, we will call our users  real estate users.  Are we start that user by 80?  Right.  So this looks good.  So this completes the basic method.  Get user by 80 meter creation.  So now we'll also add it.  Did it get mapping here?  OK, get mapping and we'll see the context.  Does user slash, Heidi, whatever we have given in the path variable we are giving here.  OK, so we can read in both.  This one is like just first defined.  I get mapping and how the value here and then use the same value here or whatever to be flexible for  us.  I would like to write the method first and then I would get mapping.  So which tells me that this method, I am going to use it as it lists service.  OK, so that eventually I do.  So that's the reason I have written in that manner.  OK, so now this completes the creation of both service and then controller layers.  Now we'll move on to testing it in the let's say this and then we'll go ahead and enter this in our  postman.  OK, so we are in the postman now.  So in the spring, the building blocks project will say at request.  Right.  And we'll get user by Idy sale to Springboot.  OK, so now get user by 80 neutze  localhost and we see one, not one.  Right.  And then let me see it.  OK, so now we have save it and then we'll send the request.  OK, so now we have got the response for that user by 80 we can see the same in Nevada.  Cancer log query got fired here.  OK.  So at the end from user there are some details of kessell.  Oh what should I do with it.  Right, OK.  From user user user ideas equal to questionmark.  So it followed the request thoroughly and then we got the response.  OK, so method is good and user slash one zero one in the same way and say one zero two.  OK, I'll get one zero to let the user know.  So send it clear to the user one.  OK, so let's retrieve the user one or save and then retrieve.  OK, we got the user one.  OK, so we'll save one zero three.  OK, save and then request.  So we got the one zero three user.  So this confirms that I will get user by idea is working as expected.  And let's reiterate what we have done in this entire lecture.  So we have implemented or created a great user buiding service layer and we have discussed about the  optional object and we went to the controller layer and then implemented the get usability method in  control layer.  We have introduced the new annotation named apart variable.  So and we also about annotated the user by the method with get mapping.  And then we have provided that you are as user slash individually nothing but the part variable.  OK, and then we went to a postman and then provided different requests for one zero one one zero two  one one.  Like different users, we have created and then pasted this user by 80 plus fanservice there.  So this completes the user ID service implementation.  So I will see you in the next lecture.  In the next lecture, we are going to focus on our bit user by Demetrious input mapping. 