### Step 19. Step-04-02: Create User Entity - Understand @Table Annotation.md
Welcome back.  In the previous letter, we have created an entity class and then annotated with the entity and also  discussed about what is an entity and then how entities need to be defined and then how the entity names  can be defined with name, element and all those things.  So in this lecture, we are going to focus on the table annotation.  So let's go back to what I know.  So the table annotation is a great table, and if you see here in most of the cases, the name of the  table in the database and the name of the entity will not be the same.  So sometimes the entity name will be a means like if there is no droppable, then in the database the  entity name will be the table name example.  It will be with Kaplan.  You Smalley's here, but here in current case, if you define so problem here with the name element.  So if you say name is called.  Users are user, whatever we define, this name will be the thing that will be created in our.  Database, so Derek's persistance people so important that that Comanche or in my Mac.  So now if you see a name is a clue user.  So in such cases, like if you don't want the entity name to be the same as inevitable, we can use  this table name editable annotation.  So in addition to PayPal, there is something called the schema.  So there is one more element in this table, which is nothing.  But we can define it as a schema so we can give our schema name here.  So what this does is it will distinguish one set of tables from another.  So we have different applications and then in both applications, we have whatever may be the case.  OK, we have different different tables with the same names in different schemas.  And then we want to use the dual data sources from our respective spring application.  And then we don't need to have any issues.  So schema can be used as a distinguishing factor between the tables one and the other.  So we can see schema and then we can say user management, something like this.  In our case, we are not going to use schema because we are going to use a database which uses the default  to test the deposit schema name.  So we are not using it here, but it's good to explain.  So I have explained it in detail here about using the schema, so.  That's a greater, terrible annotation and finally.  If you do not use the droppable annotation, the name of the entity will be considered as DE.  Name in other respective database, so so I'll 