### Step 30. Step-14: GIT Commit, Push, Merge to Master and Push.md
Welcome back.  In this letter, we're going to work on commitments to master and push it to the top.  So in previous letters, we have created multiple services for you just by idea, get users by user  name.  We have broadband, create user service, all these things.  Right.  So now it's time for committing all those changes to the user management service based branch and then  push those things to the GitHub repo in the same way once we put this plant in and get to the top repo,  but also going to match those changes to the master plan and also then use that also to the GitHub repository.  So let's go back to our idea and then make those things now.  So this time, we're not going to use the command.  We will try to use the word I need to do these changes.  So what about if you go to that stadium here, right in the stadium view of the city so we can see these  are the files which grouching that's part of this directly TGP user management site will be spelled  out.  So which means we have made to invest or use about Java user controller and then use the repository  user service, all these things.  OK, so what we'll do now here is we'll go to that staging and then select all these things and then  drag them to the stage changes, OK, and I'll see the messages disappear.  This list services.  Development.  Completed, right, and then I'm going to do that when you come out of going to come to a local branch,  that is nothing but three years in management be spent if a committed.  The changes will also be Pashupati.  But so play the guitar also, so I'll take a little push, so and the remote origin is about slash tax,  simplify, slash python building blocks that deep inside the branch manager at the management service.  OK, so I click on next.  OK, so I'm going to finish it up from following you expected from here to here.  I'm doing the push, which is nothing but gratitude from local to remote.  OK, so I click on finish ok.  So no, but got completed and then it should be available in negative ripple.  OK, so we'll go to our gate stage and get the perspective here, OK?  And then I will what I do is like I'll try to refresh this, OK, so I can go to file and then to refresh.  OK, so now if you see the business services dial up and that is the code and then we see for two zero  three six C two zero three six is the color code here.  Right.  So in the same way that also we should see with the same chemical, that looks good.  So now if you see the is still not in sync in local and remote.  So what we do is first of all, check out the master.  So critical to master.  First, we need to go back and moonshadow if it is running.  So I shut down my division and come back to the perspective here.  And then I will check out Mostert so that now I'll be the master branch.  So I'm in the master branch.  All right.  So what I'll do is I'll see much my master branch of it, the management service base.  So now I'm adding the masterbrand with the.  So all the changes need to in this present will be merged to the masterbrand aspect of this change.  OK, so now if you see Masterbrand talked about the same connetquot for Beat 360 and also by the same  committee.  Right.  So what you.  So now in local, both my master and 012 appears in sync in the same manner I to push it back to a remote  repair, which is nothing but our GitHub repository.  So I'll push and then I will produce a remote origin is spoonbill building blocks Bradgate understocked  simplify a code and the branches master Sensipar you implement it is going to say master to master.  It is going to think I click on Bush.  Right, so, no, if I go ahead and then see what you can see, even smell so hard for me to so know  that he has not completed and then we have to everything to our GitHub repo Max.  We had a number for the same one.  I get report.  So vulnerable Stack Simplifier contains the Building Blocks project and we can see the utilities committees  for at least six minutes before and which is nothing but a business services development computer.  So business services development is completed and then it's equal and could be pushed in the same way  for better to master and then see the blueprint also will find the same for me to directly succeed.  So this confirms that whatever we have done so far, it is already now available in our GitHub repo  also.  OK, so in the next letter will focus on exception handling and status codes and all those things in  the complete next module, not even lecture, but in the complete module will focus on implementing  the exceptional handling and also.  Oh, it has to be status quo for all these other services which we have built so far.  