
### Step 21. Step-05: Understand and Implement changes related to H2 Database.md
Welcome back.  In this lecture, you're going to understand about history, database in history, database related  changes we need to perform for this simple project.  So we're using the history database, which is in-memory database, so in memory database.  So what it is going to happen is like whenever we restart the division right in our Pingrup.  So what happens is we lost all the data.  Whatever is there in that respect to EU database or whenever using the database, if you make some change  in your application and then say that when they were a little bit of a division during that time, also  the entire database will get refreshed, which means like it will grab the table whatever is created  and then it will recreate it.  So which means always the table is going to be empty so we can even pre populate the debate during runtime.  So taboo.  So what we need to do is we need to create the data that is killing our class bots so we can put it  in a our source mean resources.  The filename is data that is cool.  So and then we can add that in such statements about what data need to have and then whenever we save  that.  Project after 10 years or whenever the game gets reloaded during the process, all this means like it  will grab the table and then recreate the table and then it will insert whatever the recordset we have  chosen or put it in the data that will all that is going to be loaded.  So one thing which we need to take in here is about the order.  OK, so we'll see that later.  And another important thing is we need to go going to our application that properties enabled us to  consult so that we can access our heads to console.  And the database eurorail for in-memory database is to remember that DB.  So no, as we have completed the creation of the entity.  So as soon as we start the Springwood app, which is nothing but the American Tomcat.  So what happens?  Is it the entity will try to create the tables means like whatever entity we have created equal will  be created in the HESTA database, which is nothing but the user table with all the columns.  So let's go ahead and do that now.  So we are back in it, you know, so let's right click the project and run this Springboard app, so  let the springboard come up.  Yeah.  So now if you see here, if any existing thing is that it is going to drop drop, they will use that  effect.  This so in the same way, hibernates, sequences, everything.  And then again it will create the table sequence and also the unique constants which we have defined  in our entity, which is nothing but that one for the user name, which we have said unique is equal  to two and the other is the SSN.  Unique is equal to two.  So let's go to the browser and then view the table.  Where to console.  No.  So the has to console you rather lose our local lost 88 to hyphen console.  So and then our other classes are headed to driver Jerry to see where all this will be the populated  and there is no password for that.  So we'll click on Connect and be logged into the hash to console.  If you see here, there is a table named user.  So this is the table which we have created as part of our integration.  So if you click on this, we can see the list of columns which got created automatically.  So whatever the column name field we have mentioned, the e-mail, underscore address, first name,  underscore name, last name, underscore name, role, SSN, user name, all got created, Asperger  details, whatever we have given in our entity.  So if you see here, other than Idy, you can see restante fields were displayed in alphabetical order  E, F and R as you.  So which means whatever the insert statements which we are going to create for disrespect to use a table  means like whatever the data we are planning to populate before going for the further development.  So those things we need to ensure that our insert statement also has the values inside that in this  order I'd email address first, first name, last name, SSN and then username.  So that's the thing.  So.  So let's check let's start from Yuzu, so currently we don't have any data inserted inside this, so  we are getting Nawruz.  OK, so let's go back to your idea and then start working on our next steps.  OK, yes.  Our next step is to create a digital deskilling, swordsmen resources and then insert these three records.  So if you say inserting the user in the values in the first is like whatever the primary key idea.  So I started with one zero one because whenever we are doing creation of users using the postman claimed  what happens there is like a it starts from one.  OK, so if we start with one, two, three, then it will provide.  So I just gave it us one zero one one zero two one zero three here.  OK, so and the second one is as per the alphabetical order, we have email in our browser.  We can see here an email address.  OK, in the same way we have the first name, last name and then rule and then SSN and finally we have  the user user name.  So in the same order, whatever we are seeing here, in the same way we have built our insert command  to use a table.  OK, so we are going to create a direct source, mainly sources of our project, and then copy these  three lines and then put it there.  OK, so let's go back here and then we are in swordsmen resources new and then file and then we can  say the file name is DataDot Ezekial.  Click on Finish.  And we can skip this version.  We can close this we have a terrible place in the world in this respect to mission so that it is trying  to show where are taking place as our default editor.  OK, so I'll try to close this site to close this, and then I will open it open with a text editor  that should suffice for as OK, because we have already created our insert comments here.  OK, so let me see a copy.  OK, and then I will.  Save it.  OK, so now the Tomcat got remarried right now, so let's go back to a Web browser and then let's try  to see Select Start from User.  This will also as soon as when the Damian Lillard had to cancel connection also gets reloaded.  Right.  So this should take us to the login page.  Nokia.  Yes.  OK, so let's click on Connect and then say select start from.  User, so we should see.  Three records.  So one zero one one zero two one zero three.  We have three records in 38 now, and it is populated automatically whenever the division gets reloaded.  So if you see we have completed all of our steps related to HESTA database.  OK, so we understood that his databases are in memory database and then whenever we have made any changes  to the code, it removes the data, which means like if we go ahead and then make any changes.  OK, so example, we can go to our respective user, Dajarra, and then see it and they just some comment  and then say, OK, so what happens at the end is so it tries to reload, but in the process it will  drop the table and then recreate the table.  OK, so at the time the entire table will be dropped and then it will recreate the table and then it  will also load the data into it.  OK, so that's about.  In-memory database, which we are using here, so it also appears that DBE, during that time with data,  we can see that with data if we use the data that Eskil so far that what we have done, we have created  a data that Eskil enforcement resources and then we have inserted three rows inside that, OK.  So as soon as these three insert records will be inserted to the database.  So another important thing which we need to understand, these columns will be created in alphabetical  order in DB except the primary key.  So in such statement, value should be in alphabetical as displayed.  It never has to be so and has to cancel.  You are local or state has to cancel and the database BCU are the best DB.  So this this concludes our answer session about the H2 database.