### Step 28. Step-12: Implement deleteUserById RESTful Service - @DeleteMapping .md
 Welcome back.  In this lecture, we are going to implement the user by the method in both service and then control  yourself over Springwood, the building blocks project.  OK, so first thing is to implement the service layer, which is create the lead user by the method  that we are going to verify if that user exists and then if it exists, then delete it.  OK, so we are not writing the expert here, but we'll discuss when we are implementing.  OK, so and the next is the controller layer and we are going to create a delete user by the method.  And then as the name usability user Obadi, we are going to take the input as part variable rate.  So here also the input is going to be the idea, the same way using part, whatever.  We are going to take the input from our service.  Urata.  OK, and then we are also going to annotate the.  Method with a direct delic mapping, and once both sadness and controller control letters are completed,  we are going to go to the postman and then implement their request further delete the user.  OK, so.  Let's go back to our idea and then implement the service layer now, so we are in the 80s, no social  service layer.  So what we are doing here is.  The lead user by I, right, and then we are not going to return anything, okay?  So it's like, OK, delete user by Iot and we are taking that input as long I.  And then what we are going to do is we are going to.  First check, OK, that.  User repository, not fine by.  OK.  That is present.  OK, so if that user exists, then I am going to delete it, OK, not delete by Heidi.  So that's it.  OK, so then if we find the user OK person, then delete it.  OK, so we are not we if a user is not found, we can send the user not a phone message and also his  status not for status to so those we will implement in our exception handling is OK so far.  No, let's close the method here and then move on to the controller.  OK, so.  It go to use a controller and what we are implementing now.  He's  the lead user by.  And here what we are going to do is.  Public wide delete user by Heidi and the empathies with part variable, right, and I'm going to say  I and Long Heidi.  Right.  And then I'll say user service start delete user by Heidi.  And we'll also add the delete mapping now a direct delete mapping.  And we are going to take the input first command shift or to import the delete mapping and what I'll  say slash user's.  Slash Heidi, right?  So let me say this, OK, so we have implemented the delete user by Idy method in both our service and  then control.  Yes, OK.  So let's go back to our Posman and let's create a new request here.  OK, so I request and delete user by Irey.  Right.  And then so Springbroot building blocks.  So let's click on Delete User by idee.  Open it and.  We will delete that user, whatever we create here, it is nothing but user one.  OK, so whatever we want.  OK, so I'll say user one and just buy this.  Right.  So and the method is delete and then sue.  So let's just go ahead and then create a user.  OK, so now no are one God created that user by 80.  So now I have that user here and then I'm going to delete it, OK?  Or we can even see that user in our get our users the first idea.  You can see it here.  Right.  So that is the one.  So I'm saying the user by eighty one.  OK.  And then said OK, so user got deleted.  I got that one response.  So now I'll go back to get all users and then see that.  And I don't find out one user here, only one zero one and then one zero two one zero three.  We one user is deleted.  So that's about it.  OK, so our user by idee, OK, service is working as expected.  So in all the previous look, just what we have done is we have done create user, get all users, get  usability, upgrade user by 80 and then delete user by 80.  So in the next lecture we are going to work on.  Get user by username.  So we are going to see the power of JP there.  OK, so we'll see that.  OK, but not likes to reiterate, what we have done is we have created a user by 18, our service layer  and then called the system from our controller layer.  And then we have also to then process both from the part variable as Iot.  OK, so we implemented both service layer method and then controller layer method and then we went back  to our postman and then we have to start out the usability method with methods delete.  So that's about the user by a limited implementation.  And then in the next lecture we'll work on that user by user name.  