### Step 29. Step-13: Implement getUserByUsername RESTful Service - @GetMapping.md
Welcome back.  In this lecture, we're going to implement that user by user name, Metaldyne Repository User Repository,  User Service, and then user controller layer's.  So in repository, we are going to be fine, fine by user name in a matter of user repository interface.  And we are going to define the same service layer and then call that from the controller layer.  So any FESSEY input we are going to take for these things is user name, which is it input as username,  which is nothing but a stream type.  OK, and we are going to annotate it with a great, great mapping.  And also we're going to use that you are to ask users slash by user name and the variable user name.  So we'll see why we are moving by user name and we are implementing the controller layer.  So from personal perspective, we're going to create and verify that that user by user name plus full  service enforcement plus client whose method is good and the water is going to be users by user name.  Slash user name will use the name.  What is present in our database example, cariddi device or whatever the three test records we have.  Right.  Those things.  OK, so we need to provide the user name.  So let's go ahead and implement this in our highly, you know, so.  We are in the user repository.  So let me this is the user repository.  Let me make it bigger.  So now my method is going to return.  Users might get user by user name means it's going to return the user.  So the return type is user.  Right.  And find by IED.  We have seen if you see in our repository methods, if you see here, just let me go here and then say  user repository dot find you can see here find all find all with paintable sart example find all by  identifying, by identifying one and then find a buyer.  So like this everything is fine.  Right.  So what we are going to do now is the same thing.  OK, so we will save this year and we'll go to use a repository and we'll see a find by user name.  So we need to view capital.  So our user name is whatever we have defined in our entity like user name.  We are going to find this user name.  Just we need to give the capital you here.  OK, so find the user name and the input for it is king and then user name, that's all.  So instead of writing complex queries in the older style, well in our earlier implementations when  we are using databases are my bet is all these things we we are supposed to write complex queries like  select user from so-and-so table where the user name is equal to so and so like that.  We need to write a big amount of queries.  OK, but for now in this Jipé implementation, it's like only one liner and BJP will take it off finding  the user using username and then display to us.  OK, so just by using find by username.  So now we have implemented it custom method name defined by username and this method we are going to  call another user service.  OK, so let's go to our user service and then implement the same.  OK.  So here is the thing.  Right.  So let me push this up.  OK.  So I'll see.  Get user by user name method.  This is what we are implementing.  So what we are doing here is we are going to return user.  My name is getting served by.  User name and input, we're going to take your string username and simply we can see written.  User repository dot find the user name, as we have defined find by user name in our repository interface.  Now what is available for us?  Why are use that oppositely that?  So now we are returning the user repository dot fine by username.  So.  And another thing is one thing to note here is so how we have came to a conclusion that it is going  to return only one user, not to multiple users, may not.  It is a list, right.  Because we have defined user as a unique constraint, which means only one recarpet will fetch many  such users by user name.  That's the reason you never repository.  We didn't mention it has a list.  It's only a single object user.  OK, so that's what we have mentioned here.  OK, so that's the thing.  Important thing that we need to look into whenever we are writing a method in our interface use repository  which extends the repository interface, we need to ensure that what will be timetable's, we are going  to have issues.  Right.  So it's only a single user that we are using user, not the least users.  Example, if I said find the use, find by last name, OK, and I might find multiple last names, it  doesn't have any unique constraint and I might have duplication of data also from last name perspective.  So at that time we need to set list user.  So these things need to be calculated and then written accordingly from us.  OK, so I'll save the repository and then I'll come back to user service and I'll say this also and  I'll go to the user controller now.  So and then I'll implement that user by user name method here.  So get user by user name.  So I'm going to return.  User.  And my name is user by user name and my input is going to be important here, right?  It's part variable and input name is user name and itself type.  Right.  And then I'm going to say I'm going to call my Twitter user service DOT.  Get user by user name.  Good.  So that looks good.  So one final thing is we need to add that get mapping.  By this time, you would have been experts in writing the services controllers and also defining custom  methods in our repositories.  So let's do this now.  So sourceless users slash by user name and I will say part variables username.  So let me save this.  So.  This completes get user by user name method creation in controller, also, let's go back to our Posman  client and then create a new ad request rate ad request and then also get user by user name and then  sell to Springboard.  So let me rephrase that.  Yeah, here it is.  OK, and let me open this and now localhost users.  Right.  So now we are going to get the user.  So let me get the list of users first and then their names.  OK, so my username is Cariddi here, ok.  So let's search for curity see and then send.  So I have a panel here.  Let me see what's going on.  Good.  So now you know that what it is saying is fail to convert a value of Java Langstrom to Java Lang Lang.  So whatever.  After users, whatever you provide it identifies you or your request as which you are sending for the.  Get used by that study they do expecting a lamb instead of a string, right?  So that's the catch here.  So that's the reason we have given here by username so that it's a different context.  Right.  So now let's save it and then send it.  It should respond properly.  No, see, so we have got the carry the user then we have sent it via username in the same way.  Will also test for divisor one more user which is present in the database.  OK, so g ricer.  So let me send it.  So we got the user.  Let me convert one user now so and so.  And you were named Tom Wright so I'll say Tom and then Sue send right from God created.  So let me.  Access that user, OK, said I got the user right from now, let me make it to murder case, it should  feel OK because we're going to take the input and make it stronger and then send it back, OK?  That is the thing.  We didn't try to make it the case sensitive, right.  Court.  So let me see this, OK?  I see it fail, but it failed.  But they didn't see any error because they're going to implement the exception handling.  But that's the thing about.  Let me again try forget it and then we should be good.  Yes.  So this computer to get user by user name, customer definition in our user repository and then call  it a user service means like call it in the user repository that find the user name GoPro user controller  and then implement the same in our user controller with the different context, not under the users.  When we implement the same thing under users, then it gets confused with our existing service, which  is quite user by I.T. So that's the important catch we need to remember here, so much so that we have  completed the gate user by user name.  