### Step 27. Step-11: Implement updateUserById RESTful service - @PutMapping.md
 Welcome back.  In this lecture, we are going to implement a big usability method in both service and then control  our lives.  OK.  In service layer, we are going to create a better usability method and we are going to accept input,  says both user and user object.  And then I saw in control earlier, we are going to create a user by method and then other inputs are  you are taking a different path available and also requests for user details.  And we are going to enter the controller layer with a straightforward mapping and now, once this is  completed, will run two policemen and then will create a request for a producer by idea with mapping.  And let me change the store.  OK, so the put and then we will go to body and then select RA and then content Jason and put and you  are a user slash idy so that we can do this.  We are, we can have a create user request to save us again.  I bet you that idea and then make some changes there.  But whatever the way we can do it.  OK, so let's go back to our idea and then start implementing the service layer for this.  OK, so let's go back to this idea.  OK, so now we are in the service layer, right?  So this is the service layer.  So let me make it bigger and.  So.  OK, so let's let the court here now, OK, so  you are saying that user I.D. is our method, right?  So I can see.  I bet you are by Heidi.  So what we need to do here is what we are going to return.  We are going to return.  We are not going to return any other status quo to our special messages.  We are going to say that we're going to return the updated user, Fano, because of their user base,  Heidi.  And then.  The inputs we're going to take here, are that the important thing, OK?  So the inputs that one needs, we are taking the.  Heidi, from our part variable, so it is nothing but long, and then we are also going to take the  user object from the request.  So we'll see user user.  These two are the things we are going to accept as inputs for this, OK?  And then what we are going to do is we are going to save this user to save this user.  What we need to see first, we need to use a dart, said Tidey and then Idy and then what we need to  say.  Written user  repository, dot sale and then user site.  So that's the thing.  OK, so now if you see the blade used by Eddie, so ideally, if in a real case what we do is first  we are going to check if that user exists, are not OK.  So we are going to just say implementing plastic is assuming user exists in the exception handling and  status codes.  Also, we can add additional steps here.  OK, but for now, what we are going to do is just very plain matter, saying that the user and the  idea and then said the idea in the persistent context, so user that satiety is nothing.  But we are sitting in the persistent context and the same user we are going to update with whatever  the user body we get it.  OK, so that's what we are doing currently.  OK, so let me say this and then go to the user controller.  Right.  And the user controller.  We are seeing that user by Heidi.  Right.  So now we are going to work on the update user by the method in our controller.  So I'll see public.  User update user by Heidi.  Right.  So two things are our inputs.  One is idea from the body and the body.  So what we need to take here is so that but variable, which we learned earlier, so.  And then we'll say it right, and it's.  Pipis Langone, right in the same way, another one is the quest body, right?  Request Broady and each type is user user.  OK, so this is our input, things which we are going to consider.  One is long lady, which is nothing but that variable idea and then request what a user user.  And then we are going to return the.  Think, OK, use a service, not a bad user, but I'd like with time and then user will update and then  return the same thing back to the client.  OK, so now for update, we need to use the Internet for mapping.  OK.  And another important thing here is so we are updating by Idy, right.  So we need to add the part variable here, but I'd like so and then also command shift or two important  book mapping.  So now if you see this completes our border service and then controller layer implementation for the  update user by idea using mapping.  OK, so now we'll go to either the client Posman and then test to test this one.  OK, so I'll go here and then say.  And request, OK?  And then I'll say update user and sell to Springboot building blocks, OK, and I'll say update you,  sir.  So let's start with.  Method method is put right and local horse blood, local horse users.  I also need to send the users one zero on what is the user.  Right now, let's go back to the body.  Right.  And then if you see here, we need to select RA and we also need to select the DNS application, slash  Jason.  So not to provide either your body or Utahraptor details.  OK, so we can get it from our user, whatever it is, OK.  Or we can get from our get real users.  So I get this from our.  So I create this idea and then I'll decide, OK, so what I'll do is so now I have created the EIGHTY-ONE  one, so let me.  Copy this and then go back to our producer and then.  Pasted, right.  So now we need to update this user, which is nothing but one user.  Let me save it here to here.  So users, first of all, that we are going to change.  So let me first get the user and see and make it user by 80.  OK, so this is my user details.  So I'm going to change the first name and last name for update user.  OK, so I'll save from Kanyon.  I'm changing it to first name updated in the same day.  I can make it bigger.  OK.  In the same last name, also say last name updated.  So let's go back to her, get used by the current ladies clan.  And then really now I am tending to first name updated.  Last name updated.  OK, and then I'll save and then send it.  OK, so now if you see here you the response.  Right, this got updated and I got the response the same.  Let's test the same using that user by.  OK, see my first name and last name got updated whenever I filed the update.  User request.  OK, so let's see if we are able to update the newly constrained details also.  So I'll say this as user two in the flight and then I'll see said that it gets updated.  There is no restriction.  OK, Soucy user Tergat updated so you can get user by ADC.  We changed the username to user.  Want to use a tool that also got updated.  So that's about the update user using Pook mapping.  OK, so now go back to our step here and reiterate what we have done.  OK, so we have implemented update usability, metering, service layer with inputs as both user object  and also the IDE sending them.  You are to have direct service.  So we have implemented the controller layer with the same method there and call the user service update  user by any method there.  And we have user the variable and then request body annotations.  Part of model for it from you are a request by referral, whatever the body you are sending in that  from the rest client.  And then we have annotated the controller with respect to method with mapping, OK, and then we went  back to our position and then created a request with body content type method and then you worry and  then tested it.  So everything worked as expected.  So now we will move on to implementing the delayed user by 18 hour next lecture.      