
### Step 15. Step-01: Usecase Introduction.md
Welcome back.  In this lecture, we are going to look into the useless introduction, so we're going to build a simple  user management service using springboard data JPA springboard.  So to do so, what are methods employed in Ben Wartell resources and what we are going to look into  in this introductory section.  So if you see if you want to build a simple user management service, the Belardi.  Methods we need to implement.  So the primary thing is we need to implement the user method and we need to retrieve all users from  the database so we can say that to get all users right in the same way that we can retrieve the.  There was no primary.  Is nothing, but usually so in the same way, we can also update the universe using a producer method  and fertility, what else we can do with the user?  In addition, these are the default methods.  So in addition, we can find additional things in our repository interface and then add additional methods  so that be something like that user by username, arget user by last name or get user by email.  So like this we can implement multiple methods and then convert it to the services.  So if you see here for a create user method, so we are going to use the post and the resource is going  to be slash users.  Right.  So the context, what is going to be slash users in the same way?  If you say get that all users name itself says that it's a good method.  So we'll say get right and it's context.  We are saying that we need all users.  So we'll see slash users right the same way, get users by idee.  So to do so, what we'll do is it's a great method and then its context is going to be slash user slash  and a part will be named idee.  So once we pass the slash, the number of that respect the user, then we should be able to retrieve  that user from the database.  So to do the upgrade user.  So we need to use the method named put and input.  We're going to use user slash.  We're saying update user by idee.  OK, so we have two options to do this.  One is just send a complete request.  Body and blood are also in addition to the body in the body itself.  Send the idea and then blow it up.  You can also do it by sending the idea.  So we'll send it back Heidi.  Right.  So in the same way, the lead user by Idy.  So we'll use the method named delete and user slash.  Heidi.  Right, so.  Now get user by user name, so as the name suggests, the method is going to be good and.  Well, we need to the context is going to be slashing users, slash, if I say user name here.  So the context gets a confusion, but we have user slash user name get and then get user by I.B. So  definitely we need to change the context here.  Stating by user name.  Right.  So now there is no confusion because the user by user name says she was slashed by user name and then  provide the user name another parameter and then we will be able to get that.  So this completes comments like these are the things we are going to build in our current BASIX Big  Data display application, which is nothing.  But we are building the user management service.  So we are going to work on a series of steps close to 12 to 15 steps to implement all these methods  step by step and also provide additional information that we're going to build these based methods.  And then we are not going to apply any exception handling or has to be status quo in response.  All those things we are not going to do in the base implementation.  So once we complete this, 12 steps are 15 steps required to implement all these creating that method.  But all users method all these things.  Then in a separate section, we'll start applying for each method in the sense like for creating user  Wattyl exception handling.  We need to perform.  And also Wartell has to be status quo.  We need to write an example of how to create user.  We know that whenever a user object is created, we need to return to zero one created.  Right.  So how we are going to implement that.  So.  This methods implementation means like this service implemented in all these services implementation  is going to be in one module and then in the next module you'll focus on in the next section will focus  on implementing the TTP status codes, response codes and respect to exception, handling messages and  all those things in the next section.         