### Step 18. Step-04-01: Create User Entity - Understand @Entity Annotation .md
Welcome back.  In this lecture, we're going to work on creating a new entity, so as our application is a user management  application, our entity is going to be the user entity.  So as part of that user entity creation, we're going to learn all these things.  So one is a direct entity at the table.  The following annotations, OK, great ideas that are generated value and then a direct column.  In addition, the user entity, we're going to add the following fields idee, user name, first name,  last name, email and then SSN.  SSN is nothing but our Social Security number.  Just a sample.  It's not real SSN, I might guess, and one zero one one zero two, something like that.  But just to have put it, because if I say it's primary key, in addition to that, in any relational  database, we can also add unique constraints.  Right.  So to display or to make everyone understand about the unique constraints and then implementing unique  constraints in entities.  So I have added username one additional unique constraint and as I said, another unique constraint.  So these two things also we are going to make them as unique using the column parameter unique.  So all these things we are going to discuss in our current user identity creation.  So let's go ahead and then create the entity now and then.  So we'll go to our idea and then start creating the entity.  So let's create the entity class now, so we'll see class and we'll create the entities in.  Into this package, OK?  So and then I'll say the last name as user, so we are going to follow production standards for creating  the packages in this project, which means like we have entered into this package, repositories in  repositories, package and controllers and controllers package.  And in addition, we are also going to use the services also here so that any business logic will be  available in the services and in the controllers layer.  We are going to put it as completely history will further discuss in upcoming lectures in detail.  But for now, if we are creating a user entity and we are creating a package under the ServiceSource  entities and then the name of my classes user.  OK.  So this is the one.  So if we talk about entity, right.  So let's understand a little bit about entity before moving on to defining it and then implementing  it.  OK, so entities have nothing but produce the presenting data that can be Parchester to the database.  So in a very high level, an entity represents a pebble stored in the database.  So every instance of an entity represented in a table.  So the entity name defaults to the name of the class.  So if I say a delayed entity and then I need to say got mindshift.  Oh, and then what we need to import that directs persistent entity here.  OK, so now we have imported it so.  Entity name refers to the name of the class, which is nothing but the user, right?  So but even we have an option to declare an entity with a different name using the name parameter.  So if you say a name is equal to a small user, then the name can be defined even as it is a different  name here.  OK, or something else, whatever we want.  OK, so I can say users or whatever I want to define, I can define here.  OK, so but more or less forever identities will suffice for us, so we will use a direct entity.  But just to let you know that we have an option.  So I have explained about the same so we can change its name using the name element inside the entity.  So this completes the entity introduction.  And then in the next lecture we are going to focus on understanding the table.  