### Step 16. Step-02: Verify pom.xml for all Dependencies.md
They come back in this lecture, we're going to verify the dependencies required for a very simple project  which we want to implement.  So the mandatory dependencies we need are Springbroot Starter Spring boot data dippie and then has to database.  In addition, the optional dependencies.  We need our Springbroot Blackpool's.  So this is required for our convenience from development perspective.  In addition, we're also going to create a separate grid, get Jhpiego Asset Management Service based  implementation so that what changes we have performed earlier will be preserved and then for later,  user management service will be under separate branch and then we are building the status quo.  And when exceptions, we are going to work for the user management hyphen status, goaltending exception  handling so that that will be in a different branch.  And then we have a clear separation of what we have done in an incremental manner and we can go back  any time to those respective bluntest to reference the code.  So let's start with the verifying the problem that we have starter web, then data JPA HESTA database  and also go ahead and create the GET branch required for us.  So let's go back to Idy so that you know, and then let me open the public Similac.  So if you see the palm, that example, we have the springboard starter data dippie start up the pools  and then HESTA database.  So we have verified all of our respective dependencies for this project.  So now I want to get perspective here and then in get perspective.  I see we are in the.  Masterbrand Chicot currently, and whatever master and then zero to Hollowell is in sync, which means  for Masted will be able to create new blood.  So this time we are going to use Heidi to do so instead of blowing it way up.  Come online, get comments.  We're going to do it well, Heidi, so 03.  J.P..  User Management Service.  Fan this, so as soon as I can have this brand, well, it will check out this respect to Branch.  OK, so let me continue.  OK, so we are in this branch currently.  So if you see here our enter code, basically zero three deputies are management service branch.  OK, so we can see it here.  So this completes our Verify the Palm that XML and then creating the equal branches and completing all  of our prerequisite sections required for our local project.  OK, so in the next the next step, we're going to update the application that properties with the spring  related properties which are required from history database perspective, are from a scale perspective.      
