### Step 24. Step-08: Test getAllUsers RESTful Service - Using REST Client POSTMAN .md
Welcome back.  In this tape, we are going to, first of all, tell you this service, the service using the post less  claimed.  OK, so we can download and install the postman using this, you get pressmen dot com so we can see  it here so we can go here and then download our last client and then install on our desktops.  So if you come back here, so once we download and install it, we can create a collection in our client  and then we can create a request under that collection so that we can create a collection name displaying  the building blocks so that what happens is like we'll have that for disrespect to project.  We have all our requests at one place.  OK, let's go ahead and do that now.  And we're going to create a request after that, which is get users so far that we are going to use  the Metrojet and then you press local 880 slash users, whatever we have given in our users, whatever  we have given in our controller.  OK, so let's go back to our postman.  So this is our postman.  Application.  So what we'll do is we'll go to new here and then see collection, OK?  So and then I'll say Springwood building blocks.  OK, so I can see that description.  Other services.  Built as part of.  Building blocks project, OK?  And then I'll say cleared.  So now I have the Springwood building blocks here so I can see you, which means like we can even search  our respective collection.  OK, so inside this, what I'll do is I'll try to create a new request, answer and request.  Right.  So in my request, names get all users right, but all users and then settle here.  OK, so I click on this and then what we need to provide here is our you are right.  So who's to be localhost.  And then I have existing things here.  The user's right and then I'll click on sale.  So now I have one request in our Springwood building blocks, which is what all users let's go ahead  and test that and also for elderly consent.  So we need to get a response of three users, which we have inserted into our history database, which  is nothing but one zero one one zero two one zero three.  OK, so if you see here, we got the idea, user name, first name, last name, email and then SSN.  So all the attributes we have got it.  OK, so but one thing important here is we can even like one of the important things we can do in springwater  is like, oh, filtering.  Right.  So which means usually you really don't want to share the SSN for a few services.  OK.  So you can filter and then exclude the SSN.  So those type of things.  OK, so we will do those things in the next part of the course, which means like the word itself,  the project itself says that spoonbill building blocks.  Right.  So which means like as we build the next blocks of this project for Springboard, we'll also ensure  that we will filter a few of the attributes and then will only send a few respected attributes for few  services, which means like I use that name, first name, last name, email, and then role will be  sufficient for us, like for some clients.  So we really don't need to send our SSN, which is this.  It is a secure one.  So like this.  So that's the reason instead of using one of the variables are two attributes, OK, are two elements.  We have user multiple elements to implement a lot of things in the upcoming lectures and then sections.  So now we have successfully tested the button users using the postman.    