### Step 22. Step-06: Create User Repository - @Repository.md
Welcome back.  In this lecture, we are going to discuss about the repository and also create a repository interface.  So we are going to create an interface named user repository, which extends the deepest repository.  And also we are going to annotated with a direct repository.  So these repositories are nothing but we can consider it.  Does it be Avonlea which typically does all the database operations?  OK, so let's go ahead and then create that now.  So let's go back to our idea.  And so far, if you see we have created our application that properties and we also created the user  user entity and we also created that data school.  OK, so now we are going to create a new package.  Under that package, we are going to create interface.  So I'll set a new interface and then I'll also say in which package to get created is Rippa sitarist.  OK, so repositories and what should be the name names.  User repository.  OK, click on Finish.  So now the first thing is this is a repository, right, so that we need to have an idea and the next  is we are going to extend it with deeper repository.  So extends J-P.  Repository, right?  And we need to provide our identity as yuzu and entities primary years long, right?  So that is the thing.  And we also need to import our user entity here.  Right.  So Comanche, after all.  And then we are going to import over into this user.  Right.  So now we have extended the user repository interface with the repository.  In addition, we also need to annotate it as a repository and command shift or to import the package.  So.  This and then save it.  So this completes the creation of the user repository for us, so which means now we can move on to  a service layer of creating the application.  So we have completed creating the entities layer and then repositories layer.  OK, so now we go ahead and then implement the service layer, OK?  And then finally we will implement the controller layer.  OK, so let's go ahead and then implement this obviously now in our next lecture so I can see you in  the next lecture.    