 ### Step 2. Step-02: Introduction to RESTful API.md
 
 Welcome back.  In this lecture, we are going to understand about restful, happier, so.  List stamps for representation in state transfer, so list will Web services, USIE stateless client  server architecture for Web services are resources and can be identified by their respective juries.  So less claimed applications can use his GTP methods like get ballsed, put delete methods to invoke  for web services in abacas.  We are going to implement all the methods like get bowsprit and then delete.  So get for retrieving the request.  So for creating the request or creating example if you take user as an example.  So good for getting all users.  Are that user by idea or that user by username.  So like that we will implement the kit services and from this perspective will be created user.  And then from that perspective you take an example.  We will update the user the same day from delete perspective.  We are going to delete it user.  So like this we are going to implement all the methods for the services in our course.  So the services are lightweight and doesn't follow any standard, unlike software services.  So if you see on a very high level, the slope and the rest, how they are going to be for each other,  so soap protocol, whereas list is an architectural style.  So soap server and client applications are tightly coupled and bind with the Vestel contract, but varying  from less perspective.  If you see there is more contract, West Web services are steps we can say and client application consuming,  less dippie.  So we really don't see any contract definitions that need to be used when we are consuming the less  database.  So learning curve is going to be a little complex when we are implementing terms, soap, web services  perspective because it has lots of binding things and then it is restricted to XML and then you and  we need to define the MISTAL contracts and all this stuff.  But when we are going to do it, invest, the learning curve is going to be easy and when compared to  the soap.  So it is going to be a little type checking and then binds to a contract, as we also discussed earlier.  But if you see, the rest is going to be human readable.  OK, so the results first can be coming in different format.  Yes.  And text or anything.  But there will be human readable formats.  So, so proximate only XML only here.  OK, so but from last web services request and response types can be both XML, Jassam text and etc..  So most of the cases it is like, it looks like a very human roadable format when we look at it in the  Gissen format.  Right.  So like that.  So this is a board that supports this list.  So in the next lecture, we'll focus on implementing and understanding the other concept.    