
### Step 3. Step-03: Development Environment Setup.md
  Welcome back.  In this picture, we are going to set up a payment environment, so we are using spring tools for further  development in this course.  So it's from spring that I will slash tools.  We can download the spring tools for for Eclipse.  So we have three variants available for the next MapQuest and Windows.  So I'm currently using the Macarius.  So once it is set up, downloaded and then unzipped, so we have the spring tools available for us.  So the next thing is to.  Project, so we have a project in GitHub under slash tax, simplify, slash, Springboot hyphen building  blocks.  So we need to get this project and then set up in our eclipse, OK, so that we can always reference  the code whenever we are going through the video are videos.  So to do so to start with, what we need to do is in the idea we need to go to window and open the prospectus.  Right.  So in order to go to other and then open the get perspective and then click on open.  Right.  So now we are in the get perspective so we can click on Cloney Get Repository.  Right.  So this is the link so we can go back to our browser and this is the GitHub that can stack simplify  so you can go to Springboot building blocks and you can copy the.  You are all right, so I can see copy and then I'll go back to my idea and then Provida, you are still  here and you can give you good credentials here and then click on next username and password of your  gate and then click on next.  So it will to all the branches available, including master, so we will use all of them to be closed.  OK, so I click on Next So in which location we want to clone provider directory details.  Right.  So I'm giving directory details here and initial budget is going to check out after cloning.  Yes, Master.  That's right.  Click on Finish.  So it's closing all the branches, so now it is available here.  So if you see here in the local check that the Masterbrand and in remote, we can see we have all the  branches available.  So whatever the branch we are working on in the sense like we are looking into cause like a hollow road  section in our courts.  Right.  So we just need to double click it and then check our local branch right in the same name.  We can use it again and then finish.  So now you check the 02.  Hello.  Right.  So like this it can check out.  So first thing is as soon as we.  That stuff, right?  So what we can do is we can right click right here on this Springboot building blocks on the top and  you can say import projects so that this project will be important to our workspace.  So I have checked check that master and then saying that import project.  Right, and then I'll click on Finish, right.  So it's important now.  So let me go back here so we can see what's important here and then it will resolve all the dependencies  shortly, OK?  So it will take a while, but it will easily get resolved.  OK, so now we have the Masterbrand checked out.  If you see here, let me drag this out.  OK, so then you can see Masterbrand checked out.  So let's go back to it and then we will open the dippie user management service.  OK, I'll check out this.  OK, so I'll check out as a new local branch from the remote brainteaser check out and it creates a  new local branch for us.  OK, with the same name.  Right.  So I'll finish.  Right.  So it created a new local branch.  So let me go back to here and then so it will try to download the stuff for us.  But for now we can see here in the controller will have the user controller and everything.  Right.  So all those details are coming up for us.  So that's about the check out, right.  So in this manner, we will be able to effectively use all of our branches in relation with all our  core studios are called sections.  So this is about the local development environment set up as part of this court.  So we have downloaded the idea and then we have downloaded the project from GitHub and then set up.  So now next year, as part of this court, we are going to implement everything step by step.  So to ensure that all of our steps are also with us.  So this respect your master hyphen, restful API Haven Steps hyphen, given that zip will be added to  this respectable video as a resource, a section in the economy.  Right.  So that all these steps also will be able to download them.  If you see here, Springboot, zero one, it's only intellectualization.  It doesn't have anything.  But if you go to the Hollywood section and then GitHub getable management GitHub section, you will  have those steps.  What we are going to follow in the same way for BJP, so detailed steps.  You can see what we are going to follow in step one, step two and step three.  So all these stepstool, all the sections you will be having.  So I said this folder and then attach it to the courts for disrespectable video and then you can download  it.  Then you are going on for the next steps of the court and then you can use them for reference.  