### Step 95. Step-04: Restrict scope of swagger document generation using API Base packages.md
Welcome back. In this lecture, we are going to restrict the scope of the documentary using your PBS packages and then Putzel. So let's go back to our detailed step here. So in this tape, we are going to update the best package and request handlers and actors with the best package and the combat stacks simplified out less full services so that whatever we are seeing currently, it is nothing but basic error handler will be disappeared. Then we will move on to the parts and actors and then select the and partner and then use user our star, which means we will limit the scope only for our other controller and also the user controller. And in addition, we will also verify the format of our swagga in the sense like we will take over Swagga, Jason, and then put it in a little box that able to validate our Jason. Complaint's right. Whatever we have generated, whether it is in 100 percent compliance, are not will verify it online. OK, and we are going to see if few compliance issues and then we are going to fix them once we see those. OK, so let's go ahead and then implement all these steps now. So let's start with implementing the request handlers that select US based package. So let's go back to our swagga config fighting now. So here is our Smadar config file. So instead of. And we are going to change it, too, so before that, we'll crosscheck what we have extra we see that we have the basic error handler controller coming in now currently. OK, so let me remove this now. OK, so I will say that the best package. OK, so what is our best package. Our best package is. We can see it here, our best package. Is going to be this one combat tax simplified that the services, we're mainspring application are present. Right. So let me go to Swagger, that swagger config, and then I will provide our base package here, OK? So this is our best package. So combat tax simplify, not less services. So let me save this. Right. OK, so it's Godsil. OK, let me go back to work your way and then enter. See now the air controller gone. Only the controller is present in our respective controllers packages coming up here. So which is means like only it is restricted to this package. OK, so this this is the best package. So now we'll move on to also fixing the Pozzallo. So we have multiple controllers displaying. No. OK, we'll try to fix that. Only international. That's for which controller we have slash users. Last stop, stop. We are going to use them. See if you see the user controller, it starts with the slash users. If you see the controller it starts with slash it in the same way. If you see orders controller again, it starts with slash users. OK, so now we are going to put the portal slash user slash stature and button so that whatever is starts with slash users, only those controllers we are going to see. No. So let's go back to our swagga conflict. OK, yeah. Yeah. And then in the pod, select us. What we are going to do here is so H.M.S. and string pattern. OK, and I will say that slash user slash starts to OK and then double code and then say OK. So now our division got rebooted, right? So let's go back here and then refresh it. OK. So now you can see only two controllers are coming for us because only these two controllers have starting with you. So now we have only two controllers and then we can see them here clearly. Right. So let's move on to the next step in this. OK, so which is nothing. But now we have completed both the base package and the Pozzallo testing. So now we are going to verify what this and whatever generated in the edit about Swagga that I want. So let me copy this. You are all OK. Go to the browser and provide this. You are here. OK, so let me remove whatever it has currently, OK? And let's refresh our metadata. You real fast rather right. And then copy the content which is present inside that Jason tag. OK, so let me copy this and then put it in our swagga ed. OK, so we should throw at us first with optional use in an optional order. Let's see. OK, so currently the string only four other optional user because optional either way anyway didn't implement here. OK, so it is saying that semantical apart user slash which means like that user I.D. service. OK, line 166, you can see there is some issue, right. So you can see it's retaining optional user. OK, I really need me to return user object. OK, so let's go back to our idea and then open our user controller. So I am holding this one from multiple releases, which means like from multiple sections just to demonstrate that in our swagga config, OK, so that nothing but in our swagga we can whatever the decent generator using swagga, we can go ahead and then on line in the online swagga ed, we can verify whether it is open, API compliant or not. So for the purpose I just hold this. OK, so let me come here and then fix this, ok. So currently it is retaining optional user will try to return this onto the user object instead of the optional user. So I'll say user user optional is equal to user service. Don't get usability. Fix the broken pipe here. OK, good. So now finally we'll return. Use it optional, but get. What happened this week? Right. Yeah. Is it optional that get little he can use that for us? OK. So let me also fix that we can type here. So now this metadata is about I will be returning the user. OK, so let me say this. It is saved. So let's go back and then remove this complete content. Refresh our Apaid Jason data here. OK, so one more time I'll reflect just to be on the safe side. Yeah. And then I'll copy this complete thing here. Right. I will copy and then go to Swagga online editor. OK, copy. Right. So now if you see that, I admire that. OK, so which means would so I got this and whatever it is generated we can validate it online and then ensure that it is open API compliant or not. OK, so that's a very good feature. Right. So that's what we have done to install. Things are coming as expected. OK, so let me go back here. So now we have done the fix optional user thing also we have completed. Right. So let's move on to implementing the other steps. So before going there, we can do one thing here is I can add one more step here, OK, seeing that test flight test using. This kind of swagger, swagger can act as it just claimed also, right, so I'll add one more step here and then let's do the testing now. Right. So this is our swagger your way, and this is our user controller. So we can click on get OK. Right. And if you see here. We can say it says that right out here, right? So get all you the slave trade. So far, there are no parameters required. So I just can say execute. So I have executed it. OK, so let's see, what is the response here in the Southwest response, OK. And I got the user one zero one, user one zero two and the user one zero three. And I also got the response orders right. Applications, Ladson and then everything, whatever is required there. And then it's said 200 or so, which means now in addition to that, we used to use the post mandate to do our testing. So now we are using the Swagga UI, OK. So that's a good thing, right? We'll also do one more testing using. USERRA, right? So this is the way you should try it out, right? So what we need to send we need to send the user to get that user data right. So I'll say one zero one user and then I'll click on execute. Right. So if you see here the responses that I did file the request and then request you, our listeners users dash one zero one. The response is 200. And you can see one zero one data got displayed. Right. So with everything entering, so that's about the address to client means, like even the swagga, you can act as it was claimed to do our testing. So that's about the. This client information about swagga, OK, so now in our next lecture will focus on implementing other steps. . Thank you.  