### Step 92. Step-00: Introduction to Swagger.md
Welcome back. In this section, we are going to understand and implement Swiger integration with Springboard. So if you see here, swagger like is primarily for documenting over the EPA. So documenting the EPA is very important, primarily from a consumer's point of view. Yep, documentation helps consumers are the consumer developers to understand and implement their client applications without any confusion. So which also avoids the costly mistakes at the later stages. One of the most popular documentation specifications is Open API, formally known as Swagga, so Swagga allows us to describe API properties, either using Jessner Yamal metadata could also operate a website which transforms the metadata nice Hesterman documentation, which we are going to implement and see in our upcoming lectures. So I can also be used as a test client, which means earlier we have seen Posman as well as client for testing over the stapes so we can use even the very word as it was claimed for best director. Yes, yes. We'll see how we are going to do that. The same swagman integration framework can be implemented using spring flux dependencies. They have the dependencies which we're going to update in our problematic segment to implement the Swiger integration with the spring framework. If you see here, this is the sample swaggering, right, which we have generated, so the top part here we can see is our header part so far, our respect to our organization for our respective apes, we can generate our head. That means like we can customize our head as our need. So I can say that here it is to simplify user management vestibules. I also provided a description saying that this page lists all APIs for simplified user management. In addition, I have also provided the complete contact details so it has the website, email and license. So now moving on to the services. So we have who controls your user management controller and then other controller. So you can see here we have customizer here. You can see the other controller name here, but you can see your user management, restful services. So we have customizer with this name. In addition, we have also provided the description and the symbol for the method. Also, we can see we have provided the customized description. We are seeing the true list of users create new user. But if you see for other things, you can clearly see it's like the method name update user by the delayed user by 80. So which means. Swagger, parades, different connotations at country level, modify these things. In addition, it also will help. Listen to controller level annotations, we'll also have more than level annotations from Spatt Swagga to also describe our model class and also the model fields in detail. So we will see all those things in our upcoming lectures and then implement them with HANDSON. So let's move on to our implementation steps for this aspect of Swagga integration. So Mobilizers will start with the new brand for Swagga implementation and then we'll move on to other dependencies in other problematic Semmel for Spring Flock's. Then we'll move on to creative swagga config file. So we'll try to add one in two steps in over one letter and then we'll accommodate the lectures accordingly. So. Next is adding a plane for a modified header, part of other documentation, if you see here, we're going to modify the overhead of so by default swap that provides a default ahead of seeing the documentation in some stuff. So we will modify our needs are our organization standards and then our organization will like based on our our nation name or our application name, all those things we are going to change and our contact information, etc.. So the next is the scope of swagger Bachmann generation using your base packages and then bot's. So the first thing that we have built multiple controllers as part of our previous sections. Right. So by default, whenever, as soon as the inevitable swagga, all the controllers will be listed and then all the APIs will be listed. Right. So in step five, what we're going to do here is we are going to control that using best, best packages and also the parts. So let's see how we are going to do that. Another step. Then we'll move on to the step six and see how the swagga documentation can be on how to populated for desaparecido. Three validations, nothing but the bean validation API. Right. So if you remember, we have added another user entity it and then added marksman's like annotation, annotation, Max, we have added and this commander asserted that revalidation sabeen validation APIs. So so these annotations when we apply them. So swagga integration like the Spring Fox can also generate those additional documentation information at the model level. But then it can do that is we need to add additional problematics which is provided by Spring Fox and then we're going to add that and then see those details in detail. So in addition, we are also going to use. Quote, annotations for model flashes to describe our films and then class in detail so that we can see that on other documentation. Finally, we're also going to go and then implement our contralateral annotations for Swagga and then also verify them. And then we are going to out and push forward it. So if I see all these steps in detail, you'll also go through them once and then we'll move on to the next lecture. So let me go back to Albert. Fiasco. Right. So here are the detailed steps that we are going to perform. So if you see steps zero one is going to be able to springboard swagged IPE documentation and then we'll move on to adding other dependencies listed here. That is playing Volkswagen, too. And then spring from Swagga UI. And the latest version is to Ninetto, which we are using again today. So and then we're going to create our swagga config file and define the target, be inside that and then tested both the Swiger metadata Eurorail and also the. So are you are you worried and then as I said earlier, we're going to customizer that part of our documentation here in step four with EPA for and then verify that swagga your way. Next, we'll move on to implementing the scope of Swagga document generation. All this three, four, five will be in our docket been only and it's like in the swagga config file on level playing in that area to implement them. Then we'll move on to step six, which is nothing. But there's a three zero three validations which need adding of additional dependencies. Spring Fox being validators will add that and then we'll add an input on the swagga config file and then we will test it under Swagga. You will go and then verify our model. Whether those details came automatically are not. In addition, one more step seven, which is nothing but model class annotations. We have two types of model plus annotations. One is the AP model and then a pay model property. So we are going to apply them on each of the fields like we are. The fields will apply and then understand them so we'll know about what is required field. In addition, what is the position field we are going to understand and then implement them. And also what is on our data on our that we are for displaying the field, then position is not in place. So but also we are going to look into then we'll move on to the step that is Swagga called annotations to the controller classes. So we have a PPA operation and then para, so we are going to see them in detail. So once that is completed, will move on and then come out and push the code where I said let's go ahead and then implement all these things step by step. . Thank you.  