### Step 98. Step-07: Adding Swagger Core Annotations to Controller classes.md
Welcome back. In this letter, we are going to add Swagga Common Core annotations to our controller crisis. OK, let's see what all those annotations are and then what we are going to implement them. So if you see here in our step out here adding Swagga Common Core annotations to our controller classes, look at the controller level. We have something called API. And at the method level we have something called API operation. Under the parameter level, we have something called API Barum. So for these things, every attribute we are not exploring, but at a decent level, what is good for us? We are trying to explore and then implement them. Oh OK. So let's start with the API for our controller level, ok. So let's go back and then we'll go to our user controller. Right. So on the top we can add the controller annotation here. OK, it did it, Ippei. OK, and we have three things here, one is tax, OK, I will say user management. First, full services. This is my bad name and the value I can say it is user controller. And finally, description description, I think is deprecated now in this new version. But we can add it just controller from user management service. OK, so we have completed adding this now. So before saving it will go ahead and then see what is currently present. OK, so. If you see the user controller, you can see it here it is user controlled user controller, that is what you are seeing. OK, so let me save this, OK? And how the tags changes that display of that. OK, so now I saved it. And then let me refresh this. See if you have seen user control or user control. Now you can see user management, restful services and controller for user management services. This is coming from the description part. So that's why I do the thing which we have done with the API annotation. So the next thing which we need to focus on is the API operational level annotation. That operation is nothing but the method for us, correct? Right. So what else is like for Catalist users method? What I'm going to see is API operation. Right, that is that AP operation. And. Depen. Are missing attributes, I'll say value is equal to. Gritli list of users and first before saving, let's see for a list of users what we are seeing there. OK, so here we can see. First one is the list of users. I'm getting the method name that all users. So let me save this, OK? It seemed OK, so let me refresh and once we refresh, you can see that really ugly stuff. User took a more detailed explanation about this, OK, which means like a more detailed text about it, saying that it retrieves that list of users. Right. So in the same way, we can copy this and then pasted from our post mapping, which is our clear user. Right. So I can see. Creates a new user say. Right, so let's refresh this and see. You can see we got the great news, and for other things you can see the method name is coming, OK, so that's about a direct EPA operation, right? So the one thing which we are going to implement now is a direct EPA parum, right. So we can even copy this completely and then further create user, so we are seeing that user information for a new user to be created at the bottom. So I'm looking at the pyramid and then just go space and then come onshore flow to import the Epuron package and then say, no, let's go back to our browser. And refresh. So far, our create a new user, you can see here the description user information for a new user to be created. So whatever we have given in the API Perram, we have got that. OK, so that's about the. EPA apparently related annotation, so what we have seen so far is three annotations, so one is in the controller, one is at the control level API and in the method level, it is Epper operation and in the bottom level it is API para. So let's go back to this one. We have one more call. It's not annotation, but produces. So if you see here, forget all users you can see here. Right. So. This content of Slashdot, if you want to get this, has applications like this and what you can do here is so just go to our users photocell Getúlio. This is the one. So I will say in the get mapping producers is a call to media type DOT. Familiar type, that application, Jason, right? Application, Jason value, right, and then sell it. OK, so now let me refresh this. And now if you see further Twitter users, you can see here instead of starts NASDA, you are seeing applications like this. And so like this, we can construct automatically our entire API documentation. And once it is constructed, it becomes easy for all of our consumers to implement it in a fair enough manner for their clients. OK, so these are the things which we have gone through and so far. So if you see here in this lecture, we have focused on creating the EPA, EPA operation and then EPA program and also the media type applications. Yes. And for our all users. OK, so this completes the complete implementation of all the Swagga Forever Springwood project. So if you see the steps again, we have created a good brand. We have added the spring Fox dependencies. We have created a swagga config file, and then we have defined the had been inside that. In addition, we have also defined the EPA in for custom and custom method there and then added all the Almazan little contact information there. And then we went back and then also implemented the scope of this document by adding the scope to or limited area. We would like only for the users and less users context only to be allowed in the same way for what we call OK. We went back to this are three zero three validations and then implemented them and then also tested them after generating Arato, populating the data by adding a new dependancy there. And we also implemented the model level code annotations. And then now let us we implemented the controller level code annotations. Finally, what we need to do now is commitment push. We're already. So let's go ahead and do that now. So I'll go to the good staging here and then I will say pull all these things right. And then this this module is swagga, right? Swagga first comit. Right. And then I'll commit and then push so it will create a tool, springboard, swagger, API documentation to later branch in our remote repository. We are good with that. So let me click on finish. Right, good, so let's see the perspective, go to the remote and then cross-check that, OK, it created. So now we need to go to the master, right, and then continue stop the JVM. Right. Plus all these things which we don't need. And master, we are going to Margalla, the Wellspring Bushwhacker documentation branch. OK, so I'll say much. Right. And one Springbroot Swagga documentation. This is their target which looks like this is the Branton margin to the master soil. So much. Right. So now this comet could be triploid one for should come for master. Let me refresh and then see that. Right. So let's refresh. And we got that, OK. Now let's push this branch, OK, so that in a remote also it will be in the same level. OK. Bush saying first five to seven sections of this entire course, we have focused on working on getting better things, using our command line. OK, get commie target Pusha, get set up, get Bush set up upstream. All those things we have learned now in the last three to four sections, we are trying to do everything real I.D. so that we are to get the command and I.D. So I'll see you in the next section. . Thank you. 