### Step 94. Step-02: Adding API Info to modify header part of our documentation.md
Welcome back. In this lecture, primarily, we are going to focus on adding EPA for to modify that part of our documentation. If you see here, we have the documentation very generalized here. OK, so this one, we are going to change it to ask. But our organization needs, like our application is user management service. So we are going to change to user management service documentation and we can update our terms of service. What else are license information? Additionally, we can add our complete contact information with email. Why? Because these API documentation will be consumed by the dollar parts who are building the client applications. Right? So client applications are going to consume our APIs. So definitely they need some reasonable information here stating that this is the contact. They can go ahead and then contact me if I have any issue with any of this service I am accessing during the development, even though we are providing a very detailed documentation that will be needed like that. OK, so for that purpose, providing the complete contact information here would be a good option. And Swagga provides a method. New contact method will be available here to even provide that email you Wadle and also the name of the user. Right. So like that for the contact. So by default it provides one method internally in the spring Franck's. So we can use that. So let's go back to our detailed steps. So in the step forward, we are going to add a painful to modify header part of our documentation. So we are going to create a new class named Hyperion four, which will have the airplane for bimbette inside that. OK, using that, we are going to generate it. So let's go back to our idea and then we are another swagga config file. Right? So I will say private. A plane for get a plane for. And I'll start with you new. EPA info builder, right, and so we'll say the title, right, let's start with the title. OK, so I'll say Stack. Simplified user management service, right, and then we'll move on to giving the description, OK. So in description, we'll say that this page lets all types of user management OK. And I can also find the version. So I will say Russianness Grubert zero. Right. And once version is done, this comes to the contact. But so you can see here contact, you can basically give it away, click on the operating table, but you also have the contact contact. So which means you can create a detailed contact information. So I'll send you contact. And then I can go inside that and then see what is that OK, so first thing is to import contact from swagger. My models is one thing and then Spring Fox Documentation Service. So we are working on the documentation service. So the contact me to be imported from Spring Fox Documentation Service. OK, so we have imported that. OK, so it has the three Single-Use contact string, string, string. OK, so if you see that in detail, so if you see the open implementation of the contact you can see here, one is name address you are and then another is email. So we need to go that way. OK, so let me go ahead and then name you all and then email so you can contact. OK. Ready. OK. And your are is going to be. Stacks simplify dotcom, and finally the e-mail writes, tax, simplify and direct Gmail dot com. So I give some email idee, some name and then everything. So the contact part is completed. So the next year we can also provide the license details. OK, so license the string. Right. OK, so I'll say the license says license 2.0 or something like that. OK, just to give something. OK, and we can also give you the license you are able to, which you are allowed to reference doing that. OK, so I can say that as ok. Dot com slash license, dot hesterman, look, some you order. And then finally we will build this response, OK, and then save it. OK, so if we go here and then see we have created the EPA info but this is a plane method which we have created. We need to call this in our bucket. Right. So let's go ahead and then call this in our bucket. So here in the bucket we have something called EPA in four. OK, so EPA in four. This is the OK, and then let's call the Mitra's get EPA info. So now we call that in our docket. So let me say it right and let me go back to our. Browser and refresh our browser. So sorry, I typed commander here, I really it is Windows, right, so now you can see here, right. So I have reforested you can see here STAC Simplified User Management Service, and it lists the description, whatever we have when this person is all a piece of user management. So we have also provided the contactors calendar day and this website has some stock simplified dot com in the same way we have also provided the e-mail stack simplified direct Gmail dot com. So it said that send email to collaborate with that. Again, the license to Bobzilla, we have given the name and you can see that the link also pointing here. In addition, the version we have given here. So it is also displaying. So this completes several disrespect to step whatever we have listed here, adding your playing for to modify header part of our documentation. Right. So in the next lecture, we will focus on implementing the restrictions for the Swagga document generation at select US level and also the base package level. OK. And in addition, will take our swagga, Jason, and then verify in our Ed and then fix a few things. OK, so we'll see all the details in our next step. Thanks.  