### Step 97. Step-06: Adding Swagger Core Annotations to Model class.md
Welcome back. In this lecture, we're going to add a swagger calling attention to our middle classes. OK, so you see the steps here. So we have two primary annotations here. One is AP model and then the AP model property. In addition, for all the swagga core annotation related things you can read for this document I have provided here. OK, so for easy reference. So first, what we're going to do is we are going to implement a class level annotation and then test it in the class level annotation. I'm saying that AP model is that annotation I'm saying and then describing that what this model is for. OK, so let me go here and then see a pay model and then provide the description of this model. OK, so. I said this model is to create a user, right, and then I will save it. OK, and let's go back to our this one, OK, and then let me refresh it, right. OK, for the user you can see here, the description is this model is to create a user. So for the models, we have got the description. So the next is to create the model property. Right, EPA model. Property rights primarily, it will help three things, OK, come on, you have to OK, so one is not OK, I will say. Auto generated, unique, Heidi, like this one and the next one is so whether this film is a required field or not. OK, so it's quote, because it's a highly rated primary key, but it will auto generate. OK, so and the final thing is position, OK, position and status one and then say, OK, so understand step by step what is not what is required. What is position now. OK, so let's go back to our Google Chrome and then refresh our swagga you way. Right. If you see here I can control plus plus. OK, Immortal's, if you go here in the users you can see here you sat, right. I said it does. Required to do so, then it started listing WordStar here. It's a required attribute. And another thing I said, the note says op generator Unicode. It is displaying that here. That's a good thing, right? So far it is clear. So now I told position is equal to one. So then why it is showing at the end. Right. So that's the key thing, right. I said position is equal to one means like in the other it is going to be the first one. But these are whatever you are seeing here are not all the fields, which means this doesn't have any position defined. So those will be listed in the order, which means take the address after that e if you or are in alphabetical order, the rest of all other things so fast on other things will be listed and then after that the other thing will be listed. So we'll go ahead and then apply the proper title username and then give position as to when it should come after USERRA. So let's go ahead and then do that now. So we have seen the required property through further use that lady with the red mark here. Right. So in the same way now what we'll do is we'll copy the complete thing and then paste it for our username username. I will say that. User name should be OK. Something like a. You have any name? OK, which means first character of your first name and then your name. In addition, I will say example also you, Halsy Cariddi. Right, and I'll double coated. OK, so I'm also giving one more thing here, which is nothing but example. Right? So we have it in our package. OK, pay model property dot example. So I'm saying be quiet is for this one. I don't need to be. They're OK. And finally, the position is going to be OK to right. So now what we have defined for our username username should be if Ellner should be informed, I'll say just something like informative and then I'll just return something. OK, so don't worry about it, OK? And then example is Cariddi and then and said quote is false and then position is too and then let me save it. Right. So now what should happen. It should display that username as the second one after he was already in position and also displayed normally without any register. Right. So let me see, refresh it and go to the model and go to the user. And if you see here, your idea is good. And then you got the user name right at the second one. And you can see example Cariddi came in from lambkin max length game and then username should be in format F.L. name plate. So that's all. So we have explored the following things in this. Model Sweida annotations for Swagga, OK, for model classes, we have put annotations on his AP model, which describes the model. So we have given the description and then this model is to create a user in the same way. We have also worked unfillable attribute named Ippei model property for level annotation. OK, so we have given the models for the description and if it is required true then it looks like says Red Star. OK, so that we have seen currently that start right in the same position. Also we have same position is equal to one and then position is equal to do how they are displaying. In addition, we are also given one example and then provided located here. OK, so like this we have implemented the model class with the swagga annotations. OK, so you fabara validation. The letter DSR three three validations are not sufficient. And if you feel like we also need to provide additional information that to the user of the consumer who is going to consume our reps, then we can use the AP model property and then a model. These things are the model class level to implement them. So in the next lecture will focus on implementing the annotations Swagga annotations for a lot of Sakakibara annotations for our controller classes. 