### Step 96. Step-05: Auto populate documentation for JSR-303 Validations.md
Welcome back. In this lecture, we are going to highlight appropriate documentation for these three validations. So in the spring frogs, we have an additional dependancy here to do that. OK, so. For our entities, we usually apply our are three zero three validations, even we have applied it if you see here. So only for one in one field, we have applied it also. Right, because the state is for our implementation purposes. Right. Just for our learning purposes. If you see here, you can see see it that size is equal to minimum two. So this is one of the three zero three validation. OK, so I can even see. Max is equal to 50, OK, and I can even say we're talking right. In addition, we can also say for the other thing also. Right. So I can see. Here, right, so I can write for the username, I can do the same thing, whatever we are seeing here. OK. OK, minimum. Minimum one and then minimum two and then maximum 50, right? So I have added for you that and then I have added for first time we can have some other things like Batton and all of that stuff also will be available so far, seeing what our Laura. Oh, yes. At Revalidation related annotations, we can do it for this mini validation, that argument that you respect the respect, pick whatever is available currently. OK, so let me go here. Take your. So latest, I think, is 2.0, I didn't remember. OK, yeah, it's 2.0. OK, so let me review this. OK, so good. So Bean Validation 2.0, we can find all the details about what all this Paektu annotations are available for us. OK, so but for now, our core goal is to ensure that forto attributes we have under them and annotations. Right. Which is nothing but that there's a three zero three complaint annotations. So what we are going to do now is like we are going to ensure that its related documentation generates automatically for the models. OK, so you have seen the models here, right? So these are the models. So if you see here in the models for the user, right. So for first name and then we have applied it for water. So you can see here it is for the first name and then user name. You don't have anything auto generated currently. I can even refresh it once, OK. OK, so let me go to a user model here, and you can see there is nothing generated from the user name in the first name currently, right. But after making these changes, right after adding the spring Fox validators. Right. So disrespectful dependancy once we added so minimum lengthy Swainson maximum Lindstrand so the beam validation related, the documentation will be auto generated. So let's go ahead and then see that now. So let me go here. Copy this dependency group with the product XML. OK. So here is the problematic symbol. Right. So let me go down. Yeah. Pierced, right, so. Let me say it, OK? So now, as we have added the new Josephite new dependancy, I have stopped our JVM and then I'm restarting it, OK, so it should be up soon. Let's go back and then verify it, OK? So now it should not be there. OK, because we also need to perform one more step. OK, so if you see here and use us, we don't see that for use right here. First thing we don't see other bands to any other extra information. So let's go back and then add the validation plugin configuration class at our swagga config. OK, so let's go back to our swagga config here, OK, and then import this. So sorry. So come on Shifta. OK, and then see. Right. So now we are at the beam validation plug in configuration class in our swagga configuration. So let's go back to our swagga you way and then refresh this, ok. So now go to the models and then go to the user. Now you can see that for the first name is two and then maximum Leontes Whuffie and for the user name minimum length is touring the maximum Leontes 50. So that's all about this respectable step, which means Harbage ended up being validation related documentation on this swagga. OK, when we do the following steps, which means like at the spring Fox being validators dependancy and then Imperva being validated plugin configuration class on the swagga configuration file. OK, so and then that's all. And then it will generate these values means like what. Whatever have been validation related things are there all those things will be auto generated. So that's about this step. OK, so in the next step will focus on swagga code annotations related to a pay model and then a pay property. . Thank you.  