### Step 50. Step-00: Introduction to JPA OneToMany Association.md
Welcome back. In this lecture, we're going to understand and then implement SpongeBob G.P.A. one too many annotation so I one too many association. So if you see. In one community by both, association can be represented by three to one or one community association or even, but all depends on our requirement and then need so many different annotation allows to map the fortnightly column in the chain identity mapping so that change has gone into the object reference to the parent entity. So this is the most efficient way of implementing the JPA one too many. So in such a way that almost the minute one should act as a role model, the entire relationship and Franchi of parent entity should be present in our child entity. So in that case, it becomes the most efficient way so we can perform. The associations in the member state was for this one too many. So one is any directional association on a is bidirectional one association and interactional one with difficulty. Everyone knows that we can be better by XML in that manner storable. But in addition to that, we have an option to do with the one with the query. So like this, we can implement in three ways the rules by association in our implementation here. OK, so if you see our use case introduction use first, we are going to implement that all orders of user. OK, so this doesn't. The repository or anything, because we are going to fetch the others. Well, that's OK because that uses the Specter entity. We have the list of all this already mapped. OK, with the implementation. So we really need a new repository for this because we're going to fix these things from user so that these get it out of our user and we're going to create an either for the user. OK, here we started with the repository and used to pivot to that same method, see borders for that particular user. So we are going to. OK, so we have a mistake here that should be corrected. It's not getting it, so it should be posted. So I'm corrected and the next is get all the details that I didn't use. Right. So if you want to get a specific order offered aspect of user, you can implement get all the details using that user ready. So be ready and then others are ready to get those details. So on this level, the implementation steps looks this way. OK. These are very high level steps and every step in terms of steps need to be administered in a separate of what's called file. And then I'm going to show the implementation process. Those things are key for every implementation. We are going to have one separate branch, right, for convenience. So we're going to create a any association brand. And that's what we're going to do. We're going to create another entity a minute to one association and like from other vendors related association, we are going to implement in our other entity. And then we're going to discuss more about it and we're going to discuss about fetching and all those things. And then we move on to updating the user entity with one too many association. And once that one too many association implementation is completely user entity with the and so does call it, we're going to implement the return of this method, the controller. OK, so we'll implement this method and then move on to the implementation of the method that are supposed to create the repository and then so that we can use the repository, that same methods and more and better implement that all the operating method and that this one, you can take it as an assignment for implementation. And then we're going to get kind of code so that you can commit corpus to remote repositories in the local market with the local master and then push that most around to do all these things will implement. So this completes the relationship and implementation. So introduction. So I'll see you in the next lecture for me now with the implementation. Tiki, bye. Thank you. 
