### Step 57. Step-07: GIT Commit, Push, Merge to Master and Push.md
Welcome back. In this section, we are going to understand and implementSpringboot nable Patreus, so let us transfer hypermedia as the engine of application state. So if you see here,Springboot dletop is an extra level upon the rest. So it is easy to present information about this, to apply to a client totally to bring the repair documentation. It speaks in a written response and claim can still further communicate with the server. You have to simplify the claim by making it discoverable. So if you see here, this is what we're going to implement as part of our entire implementation for Hippias. So this is on this request. OK, so if you see in the service we get the user and then it's incumbent on us and. After this comment, we have another user indexical orders, so after implementing Historias so we can find these links, whatever we are seeing here can be seen. So if you see here under the links, you can see two things. One is self and then another is on orders. You can see that says it's a link. Right. So let's discuss about the self and. All right, so now we know about products that creates the links like this. OK. And then attach a separate upload, which we want to attach it. So now what is this self link? Self link is nothing, but we create a link for that object, which means like you're displaying the user details of a particular user. So this is the self that user you can create user slash one zero one in the same way that another all of us link. OK, so this is nothing but the relationship link. So which means if you see one, too many of you have already discussed it. That right. So user Arbour's is nothing but one too many and one user can have multiple orders. Right. So no, we went to the user flow and we want to move on to the others. We need to get for this user. We got the user details now. We need to get for this list to use it while others are present. Right. So we're going to go there and then click on all orgasming from our list, from our client, right. From our client, whatever we are using, like maybe ADHD or whatever. Right. So whenever you click, we really don't need to get the details and we don't need to hardcourt our data API information related to others. But I think that this framework or anywhere on the end like this framework. OK, so using this link which has been propagated using to get user variety, you also have the links so we can click on this to get for this list better user wartell the surplus. And basically. So that's the importance of is what it does for us. So provides links for the flow which we want to define our access after this particular step, what we want to do. So this reduces the likelihood of a plane breaking due to changes to the service. So this is another important thing. So it's this a claim of the making changes to the service? Usually in the apps that are like, you know, the version in concept, like we can do the questioning using partner headers are even there are multiple options available there, but it's a tough implementation from implementation side to have it implemented both from a client perspective and on the server side perspective. But it also solves multiple problems here. When we're using data. This is like a. If we are going to change something relative to others, you are so we say that others. We want our RSV to something here, OK, but our. Iran claimed whatever the US or whatever we are using about this primary itself. OK, so and then he will go and then catch that respect to all others back here and then the speckling here and then go, which means any changes to the CPA doesn't impact us from the U.S. perspective. And we are using headways. So this is one more important thing which we can see about the heteros implementation. So from Spader's perspective, we can see it. One visual example here. OK, so from Ippei Discovery perspective, let's see that here. So we have a baseline here and it compares with the EPA and then EPA has links to it, B, C and so it has the relationship plinks B, C, and then you consider this as one has all lot of one as some of us by specific product or something, something like that. OK, so now your pay claim was this information while using your per year, it will be able to communicate with the ABC and then automatically so now the client will be communicating would be considered like it must be, and then it or there will be. So now it will be has links to the industry. So we will go ahead and then the client will be able to access it. And then even better features are functionalities from the B itself. So from C also we can see Efendi. So this is the way, which means like EPA information is discoverable using the EPA, which client is accessing. So this simplifies the overall communication. OK, so this is about the discovery concept. If you take in example here, like you can see on Amazon, you search for some bowcock and then you click on and then open that book page. Right. And then we're ready to buy that book. So consider that as EPA. Right. So my C and then we are related APIs, which means books by that author is B and then. Books by that similar name, which means like you are trying to search some book named ABC and then. Books by the prospect of the president, ABC, EPB and then ABC has some context. So using that ABC context, similar type of books with the different tortoise's APAC, so those will be displayed on video screen and click on it is of books by this author or those books by this will be displayed and again, additional information about that based on those author's multiple books. Then again, based on those contacts, again, other things will be discovered and then displayed here so that all these things are like interrelated. So this is a the spring, but it was a child's diaper discovery problem. So to speak up. Its internal data is internal. OK, so Springhill Prospero's abstractions for Convertino. You are right. So one is resource support. OK, so and the other is link and there is Controller Lochbihler so we'll see each of them in detail. OK, so we can use these three to build what you mean associated to the resource. So let's start with the research support. OK, so support is nothing, but it's to extend our entities like we have user and other entities in our current example. So we are going to extend that resource support plus inherit the ATM. So what is this ATM? Right, so ATM is nothing. But so using resource support, we have extended other entities and using the money and control of linkable that are using these two things we have created. The link that you have created the link to said that our current PayPal, which for which you want to display the links. Right. So in general we are going to do that. So we are going to do that in the process means we need to write a lot of manual boilerplate, implement that and add new forms in your existing entities to do that. So like this multiple stuff will be better implement if you want to add attributes to our API. Right. But with headers it becomes absolutely simple. OK, and it removes one thing here. You said that had been the information he broke out of that ad and pulled the information here so far, admittedly provide link, whatever they have constructed to this admitted, and that will be set on the research context and then displayed to the user the links in that respect resource. That's all so bad. But that's what Haber's simplifies right now. So we have seen what is happening to our problems. It's also been a lot of things embroiled in this so far. So no mixed in from implementation steps perspective. We're going to do the following things as well. Firstly, we are going to create and get branch federal springboard, hapless OK section, and then we're going to add dependency, another bomb that SML and then if required, we need to restart the Spindletop whatever the can get to ensure that the literature got picked up if it was already running elsewhere and planning issues. And then we're going to extend both entities use that and then other entities which we have the sort support. So for us, this is the primary step which we need to do so that we get the option of adding the links directly to the user or that I use about the ATM and then other that ATM. So we will do that and then we'll be able to use it in other companies for implementation. So this is the critical step for us because so as we are growing the code heavily with the single worst case for different sections, we are implementing different things here, OK? So instead of creating little more steps and more coding the existing user and then other controllers, if you separate out papers related things separately and user controllers and then all the data is controllers. So from our perspective, it is going to be a clear and clean code, OK? So for that purpose and implementing it, using that heteros controller and it was controller, but in these two controllers, for whatever methods we are applying to implement self-locking in the relationship, linking only those methods will be available for our implementation and then will go to step forward. We will implement self link in our get usability method. So once we implement this Elfrink, we are going to test it and then we'll move on to step five, which is implement self and then relationship work better use this method. So the relationship which we are going to implement is we get all this matter in either haber's controller. So next is going to this. We have divided into three parts here. One is self link for each user. So whenever we have for the user surveys write it, it provides the list of users. So for each year that we will have a self link for that user so that we are going to implement, then we are going to implement the relationship link with the others. So for each use, it will have a relationship link with get all other users to order one to many relationship. So for each user wartell either side person, that link will be there. And if you click on that for that, all this will be displayed. So that is a very important step for us. And when it's a good step for learning and the next is self link, forget all users. So note this clip of users embed. This method also makes us Healthlink. We can also implement that. How we will going to implement it will do it. So as part of this we will also learn resources also like what is the resources section in our papers? We are going to change our Mostafaei methods to types resources. So as part of that, we know how we are going to use the resources and finally will commit the code in the GitHub people in the remote Reppas remote branches and then will close the section. So I'll see you in the next lecture, starting with our step zero zero Thank you. 