### Step 53. Step-03: Update User entity with @OneToMany Association.md
Welcome back. In this step, we're going to update our existing laws, that entertainment, 1:00 p.m. association with that entity. OK, so let's go ahead and then move the steps, what we are going to implement in this respect lecture. OK, so if you see here, you're being provided with an entity with one to make an addition. So, Bueso, to define how this will be from, you know, what was identity. And then we're going to add one to many mapping. I did this artist with the one many mapping. And we're also going to add about Napperby, OK? And. My with. Identity and we are going to get a sense of desperados and more about this killing, so many resources. OK, so this is a very important thing. So we are going to keep in such statements forever. That's OK. And we have two options to do that. One is as soon as we complete these mappings, we can just start overSpringboot dletop and then go to console and been ready for the column order. Right. It has created for all that stable and then good with the. Certain borders in this manner. OK, this is option one second best option to which is maybe ready for the baby before converting the insert queries. OK, so that is one more thing. So that's more important. So if you ever need to be a problem in waiting, that option to the order of these things doesn't matter because we are going to. Give the data by mapping these two things, but here the order in which it has created it has to be and then in search terms accordingly. OK, so now let's go back to. I mean, then start implementing the step right now. OK, so you go to Idee and we'll go to a user entity and then use that entity now. So let's go ahead and on the orders here, OK? So if you see it and then order harder. So if you see where a user can have a list of orders. Right. So it is a list. So let me see a list of part. So let me find out from those orders and then command shift all to improve the utility list. So now let's work on the mission. So if you see what their mission is like, all this has like you want to manipulation, OK? So for one user, we can have multiple orders, right? So it's a one term installation, so I'll see one too many relation. So, I mean, come on. You've got the package. OK, so now it is one too many. So if you see here in these two in order order in the order of the interpolation. So what we're going to say is like, I don't want to be. Foreign key elements in both peoples, so what can you do? It is like I can use it as a foreign key element in the other entity, right. So which means so I can see Napperby. And what is there to be present in order? Right. There's nothing but you said so when I say this, it is nothing. But we are going to create. You we call column in the other people, right? So. Let's say, like we're going to create a foreign key element here that are that stable, so that's the Napperby importance. We really don't want to Kahuta both terrible state relations. So this side of that side of the equation is always referencing side and our side is always on our side. So what is the objective? I will not say what is developing the other side. I didn't use that. So I'm saying Napperby use it. So, I mean, let me say it. OK, so now if you go ahead and you need to do one more thing is we need to generate the watterson's you set us for. That's right. So let's go ahead and do that now. OK, so a source and then gendered getters and setters, fathers select get us select setters I can select. All right. What happened? OK, so. So it's gendered getters and setters for other selectable gender. OK, so now we have also generated the brothers and sisters. So we have complete that entity in this world for one too many and many to one association so far this and user and then all their bidirectional relationship. So let's again reiterate what we have done for the user entity, OK? So we have created it fully with a list of orders here. And then we have created one permanent solution. So others has one that many relationships here. So we have the final one too many. And then we have mastered this one with our user founded in our own identity, which is nothing but order. So that completes the. So let's go back to the steps here and then let's also. Better skin, better enforcement resources with these things. OK. So before going to do that, let's go ahead and start the spring up now. OK, so let's say nice spring boot up and see if you're facing with any of these errors. Right. So it started successfully. So let's go pro here to console now and see the order. Right. So I'll say localist has to console and then interconnect. So if you see here, I got the orders to be created and with all that, I was the first thing and all the description as the second one. And I we saw that it has created OK, so that means buying certain products and values that are the description and which you said we are associating. So this better looks good for us. OK. So for user one, we have the models and we have two orders. And the ones that are three, we have one order. You can also create this way. So this word means if you see here so repeatable orders and then. I was at a field so we can also pretty dramatically use the radio also like this. OK, so. Because we have the use of Elderfield. So in this way, also they can create the data, so I was this, which is small and then looks good because we're in the order model, so we should be good. OK, so I'll copy this and then go back to the. DataDot Esquibel, OK. And then I'll say open with. Text editor and I will put these things and then I'll clear this and then I'll see. So if there are any errors actually through here, OK, so no errors. So let me go back to the head to cancel and then let me see connect. And if I say so, let's start from Hoarder's. So it should be split the data. Good. So you can see that on 123456. And then audio description is one one 12 13. OK, as I said to two one one one zero one one zero one zero to one zero two and one zero three. So everything looks good now. So this means like we have completed our user entity association with the one too many and also updated a bit about the scale in the step in the next step will go ahead and then move on with that, testing these things. OK. So before the next year, we can also be one thing, just like as we have implemented one to many relationship from users and we have also. Populated with some of the artists here, so they can even fetch the details from either side. OK, so which means like we can do better and then our artists need to bolster their because we have one too many. Right. And then we have created a list of everything within the idea. You have also said that for the. Users, you said that stuff like this and then you have also created a data center that's for the same thing, so which means we'll never be safe with all that snow, ideally in that the other subject with the list of all that's associated with that user should be listed. So let's go back to our postman here and then see the suspect. So let me send C4 one zero one. We have 2000 to 2003 to protest for one zero two. We can see it for two quarters and then for one zero three, it featured more orders. So that's about all you users saying if you want, we can even do that. Did you celebrate your Saturday night so I can see one zero one so we can see our Scott Fetcher, which means the donation from one to many, which is from you to others. We have started now using get all users in that user base Heidi. Right. So in next lecture, we are going to create a method which only store orders for their respective idee. OK, so we will see how we are going to implement that Thank you. 
