### Step 51. Step-01: Create git branch for JPA OneToMany Association.md
Welcome back. In this lecture, we're going to create a good branch for a deeper one community association. So we are going to be the steps to get the same. So let's go ahead and then explore these steps. OK. Going to copy this and I'll go to the command line if you see I am in my Springboro Building Works project. So what else is Legget Branch hyphen maybe. So what it does is get plantlife and it shows that my local and my remote branches come with questions. OK, so if you see here my local. Right. So here it is. OK, validations exception handling within one six six f the same remote also validation global exceptionality nine one six six F so which confirms that our local and remote for previous branch is good. But no, we need to ensure that we're taking it from our master. Right. So our master in 05 you'll see it is the same here and then in local. In the same. So it is a zero for validation if you see in here in master also if you see anything. So all four are on the same commit conversions, which means we can check up from our existing master. Right. So and we need to ensure that we are in master are not. So I said get status Anirban Masterbrand. OK, so let me clear. OK, so let me copy and paste this. OK, get your code hyphen B which means new blood. Draw six hyphens. Playmobil Pyfrom GPA hyphen one too many. OK, so let me clear. So if I say get status now I'll be in my Spring boot GPA. One too many branches. OK, so no more created upstream. OK, get push hyphen. Hyphen set. Upstream. All digital and will copy the. Brand name. So we create the same brand with the upstream, OK? So now we have created a virtual branch in our remote GitHub repo also, if you see here, it is created. Now I say get a branch hyphen U, which lists the remote branches also. So you can see here remotes are written six zero six one too many. So we have completed our creation of the branch in step one will also go for I.T. and cross-check the same. OK, I see it is checked out with zero six. OK, so now let me go back to what I do and we should be good now, OK? So in the next step we move on with implementing the Springboard LaPier one to many implementation 