### Step 55. Step-05: Implement createOrder RESTful Service.md
Welcome back. In this lecture, we're going to create create all that maternal, so let's see the steps involved in working order method, OK? So we'll go to the school. So if you see here in the repository there, the first thing we need to create the repository. Right, because we're going to create order. It needs a repository, the same method. Right. So for the purpose, for now, we really don't get a chance to have any specific method related to others. OK, so now we need it because we need to see that all the data, whatever we are sending to the other table. So to do so, we need to find out the repository. Right. So next is the control we're to do with the controller and then the third we're to this post. So for the user's context, we're going to send the particular user and for that particular user, we're going to post the other data to create that for that user. So that's about the controller that we're going to do and then the person we're going to test the creator for the user. OK, whatever we created, we're going to retrieve those items using that allowed us, which we implemented in our previous lecture. In addition, you said the best way to get all users and videos are by idea. So we are going to fight and then test whether the whatever we have created has been displaying better not. So let's go ahead and implement the same create order in our idea. So let's go back to our idea. And in our first step is to find a repository. Right. So let me go to the repository here to presbyteries, package and interface. All these repositories are interfaces. Right. So I'll see how the. Repository, right, repository and finish, I'll make it bigger and then what say is are the repository extends the deepest repository, right. And what is the entity behind it is order. Right. And what is the primary care of this or that is long buried above. Right. It is long. So long years the right. So that's the thing. And let me put those things into this or that is imported repositories and put it one final. We are going to tell Stream that this is the repository site. Come on. You've got to look important. So and then see the other repository. So now let's come back over other controller first and then let's make it bigger and then lose. I will dig here. And what I'm going to do is I'm going to take whatever method so I'll see the public. I'm not going to return anything initially. So it's a public wide and I'll say create order and that's all OK. So for creator, what are the inputs? So if you see our inputs are going to be two things. One is so user for which we need to create the order. And the second is. He crossed the border. So let's go ahead and then for you, sadly, we are going to get that from Pat Variable-rate. So and then I'll support variable law and then use O'Reilley. So first in the cleared command shift to input pattern. So next is the. So I see. Request body, and then I'd say order harder, come on. Oh, right. So now we have Wopat variable and then request bodyboard as inputs. First thing is to verify whether that user exists or not. Right. So for that purpose, we will add this step as these OK. So in this step, what we're doing is we're going to get the user ready and then whether the user is present or not, we are going to check. So the user is present when we want the next steps. If you are not present, then are going to throw the user not for an exception. So electron's declaration. OK, so. Know what I'll do here is I'll start working on getting the user. OK, so user helps a lot. Get so I got the user. So what I'll do is order dot said user. So which means I'm going to set that user in a persistent context. So far, this spectrum user, I'm going to say order dot order depositary. So we are told that oppositely, all right, so let's go ahead and operate that now, not so private order repository. Of. Repository and I will say, come on, you've got to import and then I'll also see the white. So now they are the repository, not safe and empty entity use nothing, but. All right, so whatever we have sent here after. And this company, it's not clear if you want, we can even return whatever the order created, the same thing we can return. OK, so I can see a return order and then change the metal return type to order. So at this point, no, this method will return the order. I need to get my pulse mapping work so we'll see a pulse mapping and then first thing is, after slashing users from the request mapping, we are going to have the user ready. But he was ready. And after you said you are going to have the hardest flight. So that's all. So this is a border post map and command. Got to input the post mapping that. Shouldn't expect it would happen, so we need to also say that what's missing here. OK, come on. Yeah. So this completes the creator of a method creation and then service creation. OK, so let's go back. We're going to test create order that allowed us users and then these things. OK, so let me go back to the postman and then I'll create a new request named. I request and then also commit murder. OK, so now in this great order, what we need to do here, we have got the right in this thing. I can copy here from the previous things and I can say, look, I lost. You were one zero Roman slash. Hardass right inside that and the Methodist method and then save your now and go to the body and then I'll see. You're right. So let me make it a little bigger for convenience, OK, this should look good. OK, so now I might also Sextus Jason applications that Jason and then I'll copy these things. No, so. So. Kopi. And then. --, I don't know, it's not getting copied. OK. Write it, OK? It's not a big deal. So what we need to do is we need to see. Order. Description. Right, and and set the values are there one, one, two, two, OK. So we have only one friend here because the other one is going to drop it. And if you see the other entity, you're right. So we have three films here that identities are generated are the description and the user, which is obviously commercial. We are not going to consider that. So for creator anything, OK. So now if you see I don't want to see and then I'll say clear. OK, so if you see the description of an alternative or another that create a little bit more than nothing. So Second-order that created support after that. So now let's go. OK, all this method and for one zero one orders. OK, we'll see. OK, we have one, two, three and double one's OK. So that's a lot of smattered testing. Same for that user base already. So I'm going to bed. The user decided they can see that Mr. here saying they can also e-mail us so we can see all the. Oh, that's for all those present, OK, so that's about it so far, I mean, we can see already one, two, three, whatever, we annually in the US, which are represented in the database, does the same thing for other things, too. So this completes the create order method, creation method of service creation. So if you see a high level, what we have done is we have created all the repository and we want to add a controller and created order method there. And then we have an integrated with post mapping and then we have written the logic required for that. And then after that we went on and then. Pasteurizing Posman, all these requests and then ensure that that method is working as expected. OK, so in the next lecture we're going to work on that audit because using all that idea and then notoriety 
