### Step 60. Step-01: Add HATEOAS Dependency in pom.xml.md
Welcome back in step, we're going to extend both identities to resource support, which means we have both been identities. So we're going to extend both you and other entities with the research support so that we get the option of that ad and then all that add to add links. OK, so let's go back to what I know and let me tell this pandemic symbol and we'll go to the Entities section. Let me. You said that it was that entity. And if you see here, public class user. Extends. We source support, right? And then come on shift. All right, so it should impose the necessary package required for us so we can see here it has imported papers and resource support package. Right. So let me save this, OK? And I'll also go through a lot harder and also do the same. So I see. Extends resource support, command shift and then save it. OK. So we have completed watching this, but if you see that user entity, we are seeing error, so let's go down and see where it is either. So it's doing better for the Tidey. So because the results also we have the similar thing here, OK, similar implementation, same that look of battery. So that's the reason it is strong there. So what we do is for our current, Heidi, I'm going to change it radio so that we should be good. So this is going to be use radio and generate the data centers accordingly. Right. And then construct it also in the same manner. And it will generate a need string here. OK, so if so, very remote. So we will generate all these three things accordingly. So first things I need to compute source and then generate getters and setters. So select for use that I generate. Right. So they generate headquarters in that area. So now I also generate field constructors. OK then generated. And I. Kopit had this place right, finally for troubleshooting, use this to string, so I really not needed, but I don't know when we need it, so I'll see gendered to string, right. I have selected a first name, last letters and orders, and then I cut this and then post it here. Right. So now we have. Control your control. Shift F to farmer the court and then save it. So now if you're seeing that you said that job of achieving the user entity better got resolved. So across the users are telling you that? I do. Yeah. There might be some issue that will see that. No. OK, so let's go down slowly. See here. OK. So user that set idea. Right. So we need to change this. So I will say that as user that said you said Heidi, then I can say you idea. Right. Anything is fine here. OK, so that's it. OK. So. This after saying this service should be good. Yes, good. So this completes our resource support extension for both our user and then other entities. OK, so in the next lecture, we'll focus on the other steps of haters 