### Step 61. Step-02: Extend User and Order Entities with ResourceSupport.md
Welcome back. In this lecture, we're going to create that and order controls for its implementation. So instead of using the existing user controller and then our controller, we're going to create a user interface controller and then all that matters controller and then add necessarily that that's the code for the implementation. So this is to ensure that our existing user controller and other controller related functionalities were not disturbed as part of heteros implementation and also completely isolated people's implementation for better understanding, instead of the number of lines of code during the learning process is very high per controller, then it becomes a little difficult to understand what we have done over a period. Right, because there are other multiple sections planned as part of this code. And then if you only use a controller and then order controller, then it will be like a huge amount of code with different different options available right away because future will be implementing filtering with the static filtering dynamic, filtering all these things. So that's the reason we try to isolate the user base implementation of the two different controllers so that it will be easy to understand and easy to implement. And then when you are replicating or following the codes and then implementing it, it will be very easy to implement. Only thing is, we just need to ensure that we are implementing this step three extra before doing the. Implementation of the controls for this method. So let me go back to the school and if you see here, this is the step three, we're going to create new user random order controllers. So that user interface controller, we are going to create a controller annotated with rest controller and request mapping. We're going to give us a little slash users. The existing user and then other controller has direct only users. So now we are doing it with Hater's users. OK, and annotated with a direct validator. And after the president receives a repository and copy networks, we're going to copy two methods here, which we are going to use for our hater's implementation. So we are going to copy that user by word. We are going to implement them self linking of heteros and we are also going to copy that. They can use this method in this. We are going to implement board self link and then relationship linkable that are larders. So that's the reason we are copying these two things. OK, and from ordinator controller perspective, we are going to create that and then out of it with the controller annotated with request, mapping out of both repositories and then copy methods that all us from rather controller to controller. OK, so this one is a method which will be used are called and we are implementing that all users relationship linking. OK, so that's the reason we have this here. OK. And then once these are done, this implementation, we need to ensure that both our alternators controller and the controller are retaining proper results for the three methods which we are going to use for headways implementation. So having them in the Posman by creating a request for Hater's, you are right. And then we'll move on to the next step for Hater's implementation. That is nothing but that user by itself linking. OK, so now we'll move on to a better idea and then start implementing this, OK? So if you see where we are and the controller section, so first thing is you need to create a new class and then say user interface controller what? And then finish. So we are going to annotated with the controller and request mapping with. Why is it called to smash hapless slash users, right? And one more we are going to do is validated because we are doing your part, the variable party, the validation rates of others. So come on, shift over to import and then you are going to auto where the user. Repository user. Repository, right, come on, Shifta, and then. Out of white, right, one more lottery's private user service, user service, road alerts are the words that also right. Got MindShift. All right. So we have completed this. No, let's go back to our user controller and then copy the method. But I'll use this method. Right. So that is first method, which we need to copy. OK. And the other method, which we need to copy is that the user by idea, right? So this is the one gate user by idea. So let's copy this and go to user hitless controller and then copy these two things. OK, let's modify one more time. So we have created a heteros controller added rest controller request mapping, validated and operate both the user repository and then user service. And we have copied the data user by the method. And also we also copied look at all users methods. OK, so now let me see this. Right. Good. So now let's also do the same for our notorious controller, so. Plus, and then I'll say, oh, there he is, comptroller. Right. So now let's add the. Wrest control and did it because mapping and value is a call to slash, it is useless, right? And then government, you've got to import those two things and then you need to alter both the user and then the. Of the repository. Repositories. OK, so we need to order both user and then order repositories here, so I'll see private user repository. Use a repository in the same private order depositary. The repository and even Ottoway them, right? OK, that's good. So now let's go to the artist controller, which is nothing but order controller and then copy the get all orders for the user. We are not going to use any create order here. So I didn't even order repository is not needed when we are using get all orders, but just a map. OK. So you see here, it's not your stock so that's the thing. So now we have completed the. Other people's control also. So we'll go to Alberto. First man and then implement the methods. So when the postprandial so let's increase the fun a little bit. Yeah. So now if you see here, we are going to create. Request and request, and I'm going to say that all users. He is right so that all users hate us and say, here's to DP localhost and then context is Atrius slash users, right? So save it and then test it. Right. So now we have got all the details required for the headways. Right. So which means like a. That all users in the haters, but I hate this controllers working as expected, so next year get user by 80 so we can duplicate this, OK, that was a priority and then say that it was a way for her to. Yes, right. So I'll see. Hitless, OK, and then I'll add the headless part here is Slash uses one zero one and let me send the request. I got the request. OK, so let me save it. So we're seeing some reference here, which is related to links. You can see it here, right. So this is because we have extended other entities with the resource support. After that, we started getting these links. Currently, we didn't set any links. So that's the reason those are empty. So I will go back to Alberta, get all us and then duplicate that. OK, and then this is also forget on orders to slide. Hato is OK and you need to add up here to spottier here to your slash user, slash one zero one orders. Save it, send it. So now this looks good. So this completes our up. Yeah. Step three, which is nothing but a creation of a user heteros controller and copying these videos are about and get all users method order heteros controller and get all of the SM. Copy that. OK, and the best of all the three requests, get usability, get all users and then get all orders in the next lecture will go ahead and then implement the self linking. Forget user by using headways 