### Step 64. Step-05: Implement self and relationship links in getAllUsers Method.md
Welcome back. In this lecture, we're going to implement some friend relationship links and get all users method so relationships will be with the data or this method in order to control it. So if you see here, the first thing, we're going to do something for each user so you can get with this method that each user retrieves the user details, each user detail will be there for each user detail will have the self link and then the relationship link with the data that so far about. Each user will have the relationship linked with that, all others for that respective user. So that's where we to implement so far that Facebook user, the beta users, it will have that all of us link. So that's the key thing here in the next days for the entire users method, we can even create self link, right, so that we are going to do it. So that's about the entire implementation, which we are going to do as part of step five. OK, so let's see the next level of detail of steps, what we are going to do. So if you see these are a lot of steps here, close to 35 lines. So I describe them in a very high level. OK, so first firstly, we have seen in the previous letter also that we are going to put this as these are multiple users in get our users method. We are going to put them in the for loop and then extract the user and then create the link using controllability builder slash and then add the user right with the slash. Whatever we have done in your previous section, Sambit, and then we're going to add that link and also to embedded in type from list user to resources user for the Internet users method and then tested where Posman that complete the self linking of each user, then the relationship link with the data. So we're going to build tables and other headways controllers and then we're going to make changes in both of them. So if you see here in all the papers controller, we have got all this method. So which currently is a list who's written by list order. So we are going to change it to resources, order for that firstly. And we will come to you with as controller and then we'll create the link with controlling will that in the same loop and then add the link and then post where postman finally Milada Self-locking for better users and then we'll get the controlling builder for self link for all users and then add a link to the resource and then we are going to test it. So let's see all those things, how we are going to implement in our idy. So let's go back to the idee. So here we are. And if you see this is the best way to use this method, which we have currently in the user, Hato is controller. So the first thing is to implement the Self-locking for the user side, which means for every user to have its own self link available. So let's do that now. Remove this return here. And then what it is going to return is all users. Right? So I'll see list user and it returns all users, so all users and then we start the users. So next year, let me bring this up to the top. OK, so now it looks good. So we have got all users in all user. So what we are going to do now, we are going to create value. Right? So I say fun user, user, all users. Right. And I'll say that. Let's start working on building the SilverLink, OK, for you, sir. So what else is long? You, the lady is equal to use. I don't get to use a lady. So we have the user here for that. We have got to get you to it. So now we have the videos already next year to create the link. Right? So I'll say Centrelink. OK, and then Fustiness controller link builder DOT and the for self-locking we can directly use the link to instead of Metaldyne. Unless if we are not able to construct the user using Lupul, then we need to go to things like we can barely go to class instead of going to Matheran. OK, so now will go to the class itself. So I say this dot. This third grade class, right? And after that, I'd say about. Slash, right? And then I'll tell you that I do whatever we have extractor here. OK. And then I'll say that. But self. Nation flight and. That's good. So now I'll see you saw that ad and then also SilverLink, right? So now what this does is so for every user, it will create a self link and then add that to the prospective user in all the data that if we have our users for all four users, each user will have its own self link. So this looks good. So now instead of a list, we need to return to resources, right as part of it. So what we will do is. Resources, and then I will say. Yuzu and final. Resources is equal to. New resources user. And I'll pass here. There are losers. OK, so copy and paste. That's good. OK, so come on. You've total in the resources. OK, so now next we need to return these resources. So I return final results. Resources, right. And and final resources. And if you see the return type will have the issue here. So let me select your team, the metropolitan type of resource user. Right. So that looks good. So now let me save this. So this got saved. I don't see any errors here, so this compared to the self linking, whatever we have done right, self-locking off for every user created self link. OK, so now let's go back to our postman. And then go to people who hate us and say, send, right. So now let's come back down here, see you see the user list here and then come back down. So for every user you can see, it's equally self got created. This is for one zero one. No, this is for one zero two and this is for one zero three. So we have successfully implemented the self link. Forget all users method inside of it for each user. We have implemented the self link. Right. So now we will move on to creating the relationship link. So to create the relationship link, we need to first go to the happiness alternators controller and then return resources of other things like order as resources instead of lists. Okay, so let's go back there now. So now we have completed the self link for this and then now we are going to work on OK. Relationship link with the Toys R US. OK, so let me see April here and then we'll go to our alternators controller. In this, we have only one method, OK, which is that all orders in our hitless controller. So I'm going to change this method to ensure that we open the sources instead of alist. OK, so let's do that now. So if I see here, we are going to use adoption optional, that others will give all orders for us. OK, so I'll set list and then order and then space and then I'll see all orders is equal. OK. So now I have all orders in all orders variable. So now I can add that to resources. So I'll save resources and then order. I'll say a final. Resources and new resources and order, and then I'll pass the holidays here, OK, so let me pass it. Yeah, yeah. Holidays. So come on shift to import the resources that. So now we will return the final resources. You can even say final orders are final results, orders, whatever the name we want. OK, so now let's also change the return type of disrespectable tolerance method to resource order. OK, so we have changed this too. So this completes that changes for the regular haber's controller, all the controller now that all orders will be returning in the resources format instead of at least resources. OK, so we can check that here. Heteros resources, the package. OK, so I will go back to our user here to this controller. Right. And user hater's controller. We are going to build the relationship link. We get all orders. OK, so we are first going to build them and we are going to facilitate the orders and then pass it to the other Slinker controller to do that. OK, so everything we can construct in a single line, which means like in a single line or we can do it in lines, OK, so far better understanding and implementing two lines. And then I'll also show how we need to convert it into a single line. OK, so but I prefer to build a bit more if I if someone wants to read the code or understand the code, it should be more clear. So I prefer to two lines. OK, so what I'm going to do is I say. Resources. Well, because of the resources stuff, OK? So all this is equal to. Controller link builder, not flight method on Glide. So this is the method which we are going to use to pass the other haber's controller here. OK, so I'm going to pass the order to this controller so that all the methods listed in order here, birth control will be shown after this. Once you pass that. OK, so I'll say that it was controller dot class. Right. So now I'll see what you can see here. The method presenting other people's controller is listed here, which is nothing but get all orders. Right. So now we have to get all orders here, OK? And forget all about what is the input parameter for the specific user. Right. Right. So I'll pass you that idea, OK, for that respect to you that I didn't get all of that thing. So I'm passing you ready. So for the specifications that I get all the orders. OK, so no input. So if I see here that this is another important thing, OK, so we can see that there is one order class available with X persistance criteria. So if that is important, then we are going to have issues. So we need to ensure that we are importing our Arbella class here. OK, which is nothing but our identity here. OK, so. So what are those local tribal corporate identity and then pasted here directly OK in the input. So let me go up and in the airport. I will import our Comstock's simplify the services into this order directly. OK, so and let me say it, OK, so that. That should be good. OK, so it's unhandled exception, soils are trust, escalation, or we can surrounded by cattle cars. I'll just say I trust declaration form. OK, so our focus is not an exception handling here. Our focus is on creating a relationship link. OK, so we'll primarily focus on creating a relationship link. OK, so let's do one thing now, OK? And now we'll get the link link. We're going to create our best link now. OK, so I'll say controller link. Builder dot link to and then I will pass the orders. Whatever I have created here. That one here and then not with. The rate determination and what I'm going to say, which is going to be and all are, that's OK. So and then. I say use a dot ad and then I'll also add Hodas. Link. OK, so now we have also created this link and then added that to the results. OK, so if you see here, one important thing is whatever we have built here, this complete thing, OK, can we pass it here so that it becomes a single line? OK, so and this controller linkable that you can change it to static input and then just copy from Method on the link to you. And that is possible. But this looks more clearer for me. So I followed this style, OK, so that you can convert it into other styles too. So whatever the way we want. OK, so now let's go ahead and then save this and then tested were Posman right. I saved it. Let me go back to the postman and then say it was almost a what was said to let me say it sounded so no facetious here in the links here we have only phone, but now we have got the all other sling. So if I click on user one on all of those, it will open a new tab. And then if I send it so far, you were wondering what all others are there. Those are displayed here. That's good, right. So which confirms that our better users method, which we have implemented for both self and a relationship linking, is working as expected. So which means for the user, we got both the links for itself and also for it has a one to many relation with the others. And then those are the limited information also we have. So which means from our friend and client, if we are accessing the user and then I want to also display the others, then just like Klein will try to handle using this link instead of instead of storing these links in separate places are handling everything. We have the link ready to click on it to get for disrespectable users while others are available. So this completes the second part of our implementation, which is nothing but Fabi relationship link would get all orders. So now the final thing, self link for BATTAL users, this is a smaller thing which will do it now. So if you see here how. There is this Getúlio that's right. So let me make it a little small. OK, yeah. So if I see you down so we don't have any self-loading further and further use, at least, which means for better use, this method. We don't have any self link here. Right. So let's go ahead and then create it now so that also we can do it with the one line. We are saying that self-learning first. They tell you this, right? So I say blink, blink. I can even say this as the link link is final. I can see SilverLink. Forget all soccer. So. Controller link in the DOT, link to flight, and then I'll say stop. That plus and their self, not self regulation, OK? Now, I have this feeling that values us right, for this so called pastor, send it to our resources. OK, so that's all and then save it. OK, so let's go back to our postman and then test it, OK, so now let's go to the end. You can see that we'll have the self link for the complete almost a this method service. So I'll click on that. And in the new screen again, I listen when I got the data right. So which means it's working as expected. So this completes several facing section, which is self link for what, all users. So just to reiterate what we have done in this entire section, so this is a little bigger section out of all other sections. So what we've done is we have created it self link for each user in the data users method so that every user will have that self link. And in addition to that, we have got a measurement uplink with the button riders. OK, so every user has multiple orders. It's a one to many relationship, right? So from users to others, we have created a relationship link with the rail. And when we are doing that, we have completed our entire code into two lines, which gives us more convenience. OK, so we have done that. OK, so in the second the last one is we have also created a self link for this complete get users method and then pass it to our resources here and then test it on the postman. So this completes the complete implementation with the different different options available for us from information perspective 