### Step 63. Step-04: Implement self link in getUserById Method.md
So welcome back in this lecture, we are going to implement self linking what you said by any method. So if you see the steps involved so far, that user by the method, we are going to extract the user data from the user object and then we're going to create a link using controller builder and then adding battling resource, which is nothing but user data add and then instead of the user return type. OK, so we are going to use resource user, we can type change to resource. So we are going to do that. OK, so let's go ahead and then implement it in other I.T.. So next, coproducer, haber's controller. And if you see we're currently reading the optional user, right, and the end of this completer implementation, you are going to return the resource user. So let's do that. Not one by one, step by step. So the first thing is to. Extract the user using this idea, right? So what I need to do here is first thing is. User user is a good start, but user about 80, so it says that change type of user to optional user, right. So now this has changed. So next, let's get the user right. So we will make this as user optional. So whatever we got is user optional. So I'll say user user is a to user option on top get. OK, so now we have the user in this. Variable know what we'll do is we'll see how long you. Use or not get used it. So now we have the authority, why do we need to use that 80 for linking? We need that user 80 because we are doing the self-locking right. So which means we need to add the prospective user 80 when you bring the self linking. So to do so, we need to extract the user. Right. And you can use this idea, but it's not the right way. Right. So we need to extract that from our object. So we have extracted it. So now we have the user ready. So now what we're going to do is we're going to create this self link. So to create a self link, we'll say link. Self Link is a quadruple controller link builder. So this is the one which are going to use to construct our rail link. You are Isaach Controller, Link builder. Not. Link to right and a link to this class. OK, so they start to get class, right? And then. In this class, it's a selfless right, so we need to see slash slash off after slash. What is it going to be there? It is going to be. All right. So I'll see you, Zahradil. Whatever we have extracted here, that is one. And then we will see with. Self-determination and self-regulation, you know, you are going to have self-regulation. So now. We have the SilverLink details. So what we need to do now is as we have extended our into the story soursop, we have an additional method under yuzu, which is nothing but use a dart ad. So not only that, extracting the user from user option is not good for extracting the user, but also to the user. That ad for the SilverLink. So let me add this, OK, so now we have the SilverLink and what's next, right? So now if you go ahead and then test it, right. So it's going to give a lot of other data and a lot of stuff, OK, so we can save it and then do it. So what I can do is, oh, you can say we can use that optional, but we have to date that. Absolutely. So that means we need to define our resource here. OK, so resource and then which is nothing but user. And I will say this as says final resource is equal to human resource. You said, and it will have no value, as you said. Right. So, come on, you have total input. And if you we have different resources available, the resource which we need to improve our framework here is resource. Right. So now we have important. So now we are going to return that. Right. So I'm going to say return final results. So when I am returning this year, it is optional and then I'm returning resourcing to last for the change rate change method, return type resource user. OK, so this could change it now. So let me save it. And now we have implemented the get user by itself linking no. Right. So let's go back to our Posman, OK? So and this is the one right to get used to this. So let me test this. OK, so I listen and now I got the user details. Let's go down. So if you go down here. You can see here the links, we have got our users details. OK, said, I link to slash user slash and you know, this is the same thing, right? Whatever we have accessed and whatever we have got, it is the same thing. If you want, we can click on that and then send it and then verify. And that link is working as expected, which means we have successfully created it. Self link. OK, so if you see the code here in the self link creation, we don't have any other methods used. OK, but when we are doing it in the next section, we'll also use unmetered and then understand about that one also in detail. But for now, if you see here, forget about it. We have created a self link losing control, that we have created the link. And after that we need to send the user ready because it is it is what is there in the you are already doing nothing but the idee. So that's the reason we have extracted the user idea and then placed here. And we have said that relation is going to be central. And then the ATM, which we have got as part of extending into this to restore support. We have users that use about ADD and then we have posted the self link, whatever we created here. And then the response for these resources for resources is going to be heteros resource. So I said that resource user, final resource, a new resource, and then we have sent the user. Right. So the final resources. OK, so we have sent the final resource and then we went back to a replacement and then tested it. And then we also ensure that we have got the self link, which is nothing but itself. You are in here in the links. OK, so that's about the complete implementation for better user by any method with self linking. OK, so in the next lecture will focus on getting all users and then we will implement both self link for each user and also implement a relationship link for our basketball orders 