### Step 66. Step-00: Introduction to Internationalization.md
Welcome back. In this lecture, we're going to implement spring internationalization, so for our services, we're going to implement this the future. OK, so internationalization, we can also say that it's because of 18 characters in between and then end so that people who are society in which we need to make a note of an international recognition of a process that makes our applications adaptable to different languages without making any changes to our source code. So in other words, internationalization, is it within yourself? Localization. So Springboro provides local and resource bundle method source, which is information about internationalization, about internationalization steps. This is going to be a very short implementation for internationalization. So it is as usual, we are going to create a springboard internationalization bench and then we're going to create liquide bands and the message property funds but language. So if you see we're going to convert a looking over and then resource Bandhan MRD source and then say start properties. So I think I missed here. I'll put it OK. So that is looking to sell and going to create a message about properties and also message in the school. So French language said underscore Alphabeat properties. And finally we're going to do a simple service and then convert it into separate internationalization and then will come into court afterwards. So that's about the complete implementation, which we are going to do as part of internationalization. So I'll see you later. Bye bye. Thank you. 