### Step 69. Step-02: Implement RESTful Service with Internationalization.md
Welcome back. This lecture will be a simple service and been committed to support internationalization. So let's go back to the detailed steps here so we'll create a method and get messages in 18 formats, one Hollywood method, another Hollywood controller. We already have another project, the Hollowell controller, which we have services already defined one ticket industry in Hollywood and then other returns to being Hollywood or being or something. OK, so now we're going to define today's service for internationalization and then posted where, Faceman? So let's go back to the idea, you know. So we are in the we have a package for Hollowell, so you can see here Hollowell controller. OK, so if you see here, we have already two methods, so we'll will create a new method here, not so public, and then it will just return the string. And I will say, OK, let me say this in 18 in format. Right. And then that's a return to world I Yatin. Yeah, right. And then I'll say get mapping this says hello I and T. Right. So and then I'll say it. So now I just basically service whenever I say hello and it will return Hello World, I'm 18 and so let's go ahead and test it now where our postman. Right. So do we have here. Hello. All right. So I created. Her request and say. Hello, World I, 13 yen. OK, so this is the one, right? So localhost and then I'm saying ute's hello. I only see sin. So I go down the road 18 and currently I don't have anything here. So let's go ahead and then define the stuff now. So we got to first accept the. Requested the right, which is accept language, so that is the request, whether it need to accept. So firstly, what we'll do is we will operate our resource abundant source here, OK, so MRD source and then they come and shift to imported. And then I'll also say I did it afterward, so I have to write our resource bundle method source here. So now what is our priority now is to ensure that our role in the request header, whatever we get right by that means accept language and we're going to send the looking in that right. So it is us in our effort or whatever. Right. So I'll say a direct request header and its name is going to be. Accept language, right, and the IT mandatory requirements like before, but it should also sorry for the default request. So I'm certainly called as France so that this doesn't become mandatory. And then it also settles that default countries for energy use, whatever. Right. And then I will say. What is this about? It is a book for us, so look so strong. So now you need to define our return, what we are going to return, right. So I will say message service that we need to return the message from a lot of messages that properties are message underscored messages and this call for the properties. So I'll send a message, this message so that that message and the first one is resolvable to build that. Hello. Right, and the second is looking so far, looking, I will say my local. Local. And come chief tool to improve the local so and we'll have one more hour here because we need to pass NUL here. Yeah. So this should be good. OK, so let me save this. OK, so let's go ahead and test this now, let's cross-check it is labeled Apple. Yes, OK, let me come back to high level controller and then see that it looks good. So let's go back to Posman and and say hello. OK, so because it is less claimed, we have the issue, but if you go to the browser, it should work. So OK, for now, then go and then add the header. Right. So accept language is the header and then first and post with our English. Are you OK. So I'll send it. OK, got it. So I'll say our default is us. Right. So I'll also you this. OK, so let me make this a plus plus plus. OK, send it. So I've got it. So finally we need to test it with your form so that whatever message is that in effort we should get it right send. So we got the message from French which is really something. OK, so I don't know if I pronounce it and it doesn't look good. Right. So. So we got the message from the French also. So this completes the internationalization implementation. But one important thing here is to be noted is like for every method, if you want to write this stuff, it doesn't look good. Right? So what we have done is we have added Ximenes like we have had in the requester that has accept language and then defining it and then using it here. So it's a different thing, which means like it's a complex thing. OK, so Disrespectable has been able to pull up something called Lupul context. Holabird get Lochiel so we can also use that if you want to. So let's do that now. So we'll create a new method saying. Hello. Well, I wanted to vote for my team and then I will do everything in my power input. Right. So it's a plain matter without any input and no. Here, I'll change that to. Local context, although don't get local. Right, and then I will say this. OK, so let me go back here and then this one we have based on high level Titanyen, so let me say it as high level rating and then right safe. And then this is what you need to write and then say and then I'm sending the exact language as a threat and then send it. I got it. So I will send it as no. U.S.. Right, and then send it and then I got it, so I'll send it in and then I got it when my family busted with a fat send it and then I got it. So this confirms that we are good. So we made our team simple now. So local context, all good. Local is doing the job for us. OK, I'll see you in the next lecture 