### Step 48. Step-07: Switching between @ControllerAdvice and @RestControllerAdvice.md
Welcome back. In this lecture, we're going to work on Springboard, Japie, one too many and many to one. Mappings, heart associations, so the primary reason for implementing this whole section of one too many are many to one in this building blocks schools use for implementing this concept of some hideous concept. We have something called safe linking in the relationship linking. OK, so in the next section we're going to implement the concept. So for herbals, you can implement the self-loading and also the relationship linking. So a relationship thinking I can just take a simple example and mortarboard and then complete it. But the idea here is if we do something, it should be like look like in real time. Right. So until and unless my perspective doesn't have the relationship, I can't implement that in the head with Facebook it as a real time relationship. Right. So that's the reason I plan to implement Disrespectable section with Springbroot GPA. So it's an additional cover for implementing these things and it's a good thing for all the men in the building blocks course itself. One of the major important mapping in which is one too many. Even though these things will be covered in causing a battle here, we're going to try to explain it and then implement it for two years. So they use case is going to look like this. OK, so we're going to build a simple Arbors controller and then Arbour's entity and then we're going to say that for one user we can help many others write one too many. So the same self-locking will implement both self-locking and build relationships linking in the base and then get the complete clarity on the relationship linking to. 