### Step 45. Step-04: Implement UserNameNotFoundException in GEH - @ExceptionHandler.md
Welcome back. In this lecture, we're going to implement exception handler for custom exceptions like yours and not from exception. So let's go ahead and see the steps involved for this, OK? So before even going, further steps will go toward idea and we'll see a few things. OK, so you know what? I seem to use a controller for a project we didn't implement any exception handling forbidden user by user name method. OK, so which means for all other methods use in response, status exception. In our previous section itself, we implemented it OK, but we left this alone because we want to handle that in our global exception. Handler Kissack. So that's the reason they didn't implement it earlier. So now they're going to implement it. So what we are going to now define is we are going to define a customer exception, use a name not from exception, and then we are going to handle that exception user name, not from exception where custom global exception handler. So let's see how we are going to do that and what other steps involved for that. OK, so let me go to the steps here. So the exception. First, we're going to create a new class user name, not one exception, which extends the exception. And we are going to create a message constructor, superclass, constructor with the message as one of the string there. OK, and then one more under control earlier. And then for that great user, the user name will throw the user name not for an exception and then will implement that. OK, so that one again, it's like whenever there is an error, it will throw the user name not for an exception. OK, so whenever that user is not present in the repository, it is going to say that user name not found the exception. It is going to throw that exception. So we're going to test that where postmen and then see right there, it will throw that interesting exception. We test you to define the letter. So and then remember a custom global exception handler and then create a handle user name, not for an exception method. Right. It is called Method and then annotate. Annotate it with. A, the exception handler, and then provide this username not from exception class and said this exception handler and then tested again with the postman so that whatever our customer said we have defined here should be shown. OK, so let's go ahead and implement this now. So first is to create a user name, not one exception. Right, so let's go back to our I.T. and we are in the exceptions clause, OK, package, new class. I mean. It was a name not for exception. Right, and then finish, OK, and then which extends the. Exception. Now, this year before the Civil War tonight and then also the final constructor, right, super superclass constructor. So then that constructor from our super class, this Alectown and then select only with exception string, OK, generate and then we can call it a super class constructor. OK. OK, so let's say it so now we have completed the user name, not one exception, a custom exception, creation. So now let's go to our user controller, whatever, whatever the user name, let's make it bigger. So let's make it to center so that we can see it in detail. So now what we will do here is a. We'll get the username and then save it, right, so I can see. That I copied this return, will write it later, so I'll say user. User is equal to users, I will start getting user by user name, right? So now what I will say is if. User is equal to null then through no user name, not phone. Exception light, so new username, not form the exception and then just. This way, OK? So and then import this, OK, imported, so now next year is going to be. I have the details right, so I'll see. Username. Plus user name and again, plus and I will say. Not in user. Repository. OK, so this should be good now, OK? So if you were equal to throw this exception, OK, if not. Then do one thing, OK, so what I need to do is return users. OK, that's good. So one more thing is a trust declaration for this matter. OK, so trust you that not one exception. OK, that's good. OK, this looks good. So now we have completed the. Get get user by user name exception handling here, OK, so whatever we have said is like if user is equal to now, we have brought the user and then if user user name not from the exception and say that user name, not one in this user repository. And if we get the user then immediately return the user. That's what we have implemented. OK. So let me save it. And then once it is sold, we'll go back to the postman. Right. So we are in that postman so no. We need to get user by user name, right, so that was a user name, so and we should have the user by default, which is a divisor. OK, so let me see. OK, so we have the divisor user. OK, so this is one zero two. So now what else is like I don't have a user name obesity so I send so it this timestamp and then status 500 and other detainees impanelled say whatever and message we got see which is username ebiquity not for name, user repository, whatever we have defined thing is happening it effectively but it is trying to find that error and then it is sending it in in the spring standard for times translator's error message and then Patoka so we can. Convert this into a global exception handler now using annotation, exception handler. So let's do that now. So we have verified it by implementing a simple user name, not from exception, custom, exception for other good by username method. And then we have tested it. So now we need to convert this into our global exception handler case. OK, so let's go ahead and then do that now. So to do that, we need to go to our global exception handler, OK. Made the comment username, not phone exception. We are going to handle now so and say, OK, public final. OK, so one thing is we need to return the response entity. Right? So the response and the object and I'll say handle. User name, not the exception. And then I will write my exact username, not from the exception here, OK, so let me make this because. Yeah, it should be visible now, clearly. OK, so I'll say use a name, not for an exception. And inside, this will be the parameters, OK? When his user name. Not for. Exception. And I'll say he cuma. That request. Request. Right, and. Let me go down. We get this here and capital. OK, so this should be good. Now we should be waiting for the written statement, OK? So before making the written statement, our standard thing is to get our customer details right. So copy from here. Our customer details and also our response entity. Right. So both things from our previous thing. OK, so first thing in customer details, we are going to define the stuff, right? So the second is I'll say you start that message. OK, let's not get messager the second parameter. And as we're also sending the request, the requesting, I can say, a request to that get a description. Right. Good description. And if you want, we can even include the client info. OK, are we can say false. OK, so whatever we want. OK, so and the other thing is what is the thing is whenever there's a name not for it is like not font. Right. So is it not font. OK, so now we have implemented this one. OK, so now we also need to implement the exception handler. Right. So we have implemented a base method. No handle. I mean not from the exception. We have two things. He was a name, not one exception in the request and in our customer details for three parameters. The first one is date and second one is not get myself and use a not for an exception. And third one is from requesting that we call that good description, OK, and that and then from a retail perspective, we are sending the customer details in a CTP status that Nachshon, which is for the Florida building where we are clear. So now the important thing is how to handle this, right? So we have to find a method, but the revenues are not for the exception is filed or whenever that occurred. Right. So then this message should be triggered. OK, so to do that, we need to use the annotation or annotate this matter with exception. Handler, right. And then come on. Or imported. And then so we need to define the actual user name, not from the exception, that class exception, not class. OK, and then we should be good. So that's all. OK, so we have done three things here. One is. We have created a great user by user name. We have implemented the user name, not from the exception handling, customer exception, handling. We have implemented and secondees in our global exception handler. We have implemented the handle user name, not from the exception. Well, and then we have also added the exception handler to catch this user name, not one exception, and then try it whenever it occurs. OK, so now let's go back to whether I have saved this. So let's go back to our postman and then test it, OK? So did you ever use an emergency for ABC? Watch what happens. So I have got instant messages, username ABC, not only the repository. This is coming from our user name, not from custom exception. Whatever we define further from the text messages coming in, from error details, whatever we said is get that description right for a phone without the message correct and get that description for all to be said so that we have got to talk. So it should have a better description, whatever we want to put from request perspective. Also, you can even see through, OK, how to include client info, is that right? So I can see through. Let's see what happens with Drew. Right. OK. So we have got the climate in for here, some Tripura, some information. OK, so we are optimistic for whatever. OK, so but you got something here. South Africa was that good description. If you have an interesting type format, we can even get context, but we can get her that. We can do whatever. OK, so our get parameter, whatever, but we might lose her if you get S.A.T. or whatever we want. We can send it back here. OK, but we should be sensitive in sending these details. But as far as like just whatever, one percent has better organization standards. We will define and do it right with proper reviews. So just this is like only what we call OK for testing purposes. OK, so this is what happens. So, yes, I mean, not one exception. Related steps completed. OK, so we'll save this and then we'll go back to what steps and what we have done. So we then brought exception to the user name, not for an exception, OK, and then within to country for better user by user name. OK, let me see. OK, I get user by. He was an amateur, so we have implemented this, he was an important exception and we have tested it. We got the to be 500, OK, and when we brought exception to the hand user name, not one exception method and read with the exception handler and then added the username not from class here. And then we have posted it and then we have got the customer response and there should be status quo as a four or four. OK, so this completes our username, not one custom error message handling using global exception handler. So now in the next section run more like we have implemented using the exception handler. We have handled the custom exception, right. Custom defined exception. In the same way, we can also use systems exception, which is nothing but example. You can consider like a constraint violation exception so that when we can implement. So in the next step what we'll do is we'll do the part validation and implement part validation and it triggers the constraint, violation, exception. And then we will handle that exception using a global exception handler
