### Step 46. Step-05: Path Variable Validation & ConstraintViolationException in GEH.md
Welcome back. In this lecture, we're going to implement of this validation and empowerment exception handler for constraint violation exception, which occurs as part of this part, variable evaluation. OK, in the global exception handler, which we have built. So let's go ahead and do that now. So we're going to review the steps involved in performing this, OK? So if he see here in the control earlier, OK, so we're going to add a direct mean one for part variable. So for. Which one get yuzu by? I met her, so we are going to implement this, so I had a great run for pat variables, which means my ideas should be one, OK, so it should not be zero. So this validation we're going to implement for our part variable and profile that we are going to say it, but it means like a validated annotation will be applied at the controller level. So when do these two things at the controller layer and then we'll test it via postman and then as usual, standard will get the 500 exception. OK, spring exception. And now again, we need to handle that. Right. So using the global exception handler, we are going to handle this 500 error, OK, in our desert. OK, global exception handler. And then we are also going to use exception handler to catch that exception and then throw it whenever it occurs. OK, and then we are going to test it using Posman again. OK, so these are these steps we are going to implement now. So let's go back to our idea. OK, so we are in the idea, you know. So let's go for the user controller. Let's go up. So we have over kidnapping saying get you by right and here we are going to implement travel validation, part rebel validation, I will say minimum value should be one OK, and then can come on shift how to import that validation. OK, so now this is completer. So we'll go to other countries at level and then at the um, at the rate. Validated annotation. Right, so import that now. OK, so now part of is validated. OK, so let's go back to our postman and then get you there by Idy, right. So I will say just test a positive test, one zero one. It should be working. Right. So and then one user not there. Right. So it should for for a because the response status. Exceptional response status exception message. Right. So that when we have defined earlier. Where is that. Where is that response. Status exception. OK, so these things we have defined right to through whenever use are not fun. So it has thrown correctly. So now it is four zero seven so zero. What should happen. OK, send it back 500. Whatever case we want to test, we are testing now, which is with zero, as we have said, the part where the variable should be minimum one. So now we have said with zero and then it said internal server error. OK, get usability must be greater than or equal to one. OK, so this is the thing and we are getting the response responses 500 internal server error. So we need to go to the global exception handler now and then fix this, OK. So let's go back to about, uh, idee. Right. And. So and if you go to a Web logs right here. We should have seen that where he said constrained violation exception occurred, OK? So whenever whatever we have done now we have girdler constraint, violation, exception, one more time will test it for our convenience, OK. So, yeah, zero and then 500. We have got it here and we got that constraint violation exception. So what we are going to handle it now. So we are going to handle constrained violation exception which is throwing find that are currently using the global exception handler. Right. Custom global exception handler. So let's go there now and then define our exception. Right. So which means like our first thing, what we do in general is. A lot of. Exceptionally constrained violation exception, so. What we're going to do is we are going to define the method now. Right. So I'll see public financing and I will return by going to the response entity. Object, right and handle it is going to be handled. Constrained. Constraint, violation, exception. Right. OK, so in constrained, why make an exception, so we are going to do two things here and handbill, constraint, violation, exception. So it's a constraint, violation, exception. Yes. And one modis. Verb request, the request request. Right, so now we are going to copy our standard two steps, which is nothing but our customer details and the return to flight control C and control V, right. And you did request that your description and my asked you to be straight, as I can say. Is that right? That request. OK, so now what we are doing is in this constrained violation exception, we are going to set the date, we are going to get the message, we are going to say request that the description falls OK, or whatever we want. OK, so if you want to give some message here, we can give that message directly, like saying that in public works like a constant violation, exception, whatever you want. OK, and then we're going to return those things. What I appreciate is that request. OK. And then another important thing here is a direct exception handler. And we need to define our constrained. Violation. Exception, not class, OK, and then it. OK, so let me also say a control comment, you have to format everything. So now we have completed a by mission exception related to a method creation and then handling it via custom global exception handler. Let me go to the postman and then post for the same thing and you can see it here. OK, time stamp. And then I got the message that Isabelita must be greater than or equal to one. And then we also got the and that request OK. So whatever we have before we have got it here, what we said yesterday, that message from that dismisses details came for us. OK, and the request that the description gave us this error details. So this completes our implementation of constant violation exception with the global exception handler. So just to reiterate, what we have done is we went to the control earlier and further. That was a very idea matter. We added for variable, a direct one, OK, and then at the user controller level, we added the annotation validated and then we have tested it and we have got there has to be 500. Then we went back to an exceptional year and then for custom, custom, global exception, handler plus we have created a new method, handle, constraint, violation, exception, and annotated it with the exception handler and the constraint violation exception class under this and then tested it. And then we have got the response body, whatever we have defined and the status quo as 400. So this completes the constraint, violation, exception, implementation. So the next lecture, we're going to focus on a list controller and things like this O controller advice 
