### Step 47. Step-06: Implement Global Exception Handling using @RestControllerAdvice.md
Welcome back in this letter. We're going to implement a global exception handling using this controller advice. So in previous actions we have implemented using the controller advice and now we're going to implement it. It's a superset wrest control of advice, which is a combination of controller advice and the response body. Let let's see the steps which we are going to perform for this respectless zero. OK, so in the exception here, we're going to go to the custom global exception handler and then come in this country. Sanitation and best to ensure. Controller advises not in action, forget user by user name because so we have to find good usable user name with the user name, not one exception from controller advice. If this is commented, then you'll get from standard spring with five hundred. Right. So let it come. Okay, so once that comes, then we're going to handle that using the best controller advice. So what we're going to do is we're going to create a new class customised controller advice exception handler. Again, this is also one more global Lochley. So I can even see custom global little bigger class name, but that's fine. Okay. So I can even say a little more custom. OK, so I'll set global to controller radwaste exception handler OK. And I'll annotated with rest controller advice and I will handle user name not from exception inside this, a method not from annotated with the exception handler and then also add the response status for forever and then tested where Posman. OK, so let's do that now. OK, so here when we are doing this, when we come in, this will test you at once. OK, so let me go back to the postman and get a usable username. Right. So if I send it. So this is coming from our controller address currently. You see that the message is that obesity and then the set of details, timestamp and the message, this format and four coming from our controller advice, let's go back to our controller advice and then. Come into doubt. OK. And then. Sue. OK, and then I get tested, get user by user name. OK, now find it in panel, set back our format now. OK, but the other message coming from our was a name, not from custom exception. Right. So this looks good to hear. Now what we need to do is we need to define our best controller advice, OK? So let's go back to our. This one called this new globalised controller advice exception handler and then. Go to our exhibitions package and say, create a new class and then use this name and then finish. If you see here, there is no extensions. Everything OK, so I'll see a rest controller advice and then come on shift. Oh, important, good. So now what we need to do is we need to define our. Method, OK, for user name, not for exception clause to handle. OK, so what I'll do is like. Oh. Public, so our response has been for customer messages is customer details, right? This is the response been OK, so I'll say customer. However, details and my method name is. Username, not phone, I'll say like this, OK? And inside this will have only one thing, OK, user name, not from exception. Right. And then Eakes. And open the metal. OK, so let's put another written statement, no issue, OK, so we'll see. Little new customer details, we need to send three parameters, right, so one is. You did. And the second one is, I can say something like from it, did it just to ensure that this is coming from West controller advice, OK? And not only is my message in general, I just I'm writing something here. And so you start. Good message. OK, so. And if you see here. OK. Also improved the. Java, you did good. So now let me save it. So here we are. Good. What we are saying is we have defined a user name, not from class, OK, method, and we are returning some details for that exception. So another thing important is to know we didn't perform two things. One is the user name, not one exception occurs then this need to be filed. To do that, we need to set an exception and let. User name, not from exception, that class, right? So come on. You've got to import exception handler thing, OK? Now, another thing is so far it is good. But another thing is we also need to say send our response status. Right, so we can send it using response status. OK. And come on. You've got to import that. And another is actually DP status dot not form. OK, so now this completes our risk adverse implementation. OK, so whenever a user name, not the exception is drawn immediately, the message will be triggered from this controller advice. OK, so let's go back to our postman and then send it. OK, if you see here now from this controller, it's not fun. We're getting it from the rest controller. OK, so this completes our list controller implementation for user name, not for an exception. So let's go back to the steps and then reiterate what we have done. OK, so what we have done is in the exception we're forecasting custom global exception handler. We have commented that the controller advice and then. We went back to the exceptional layer and created a new class global risk exception Handler annotated that class with the rest controller advice and then implemented a new metaphor username, not for an exception, OK, and then annotated it with the exception handler and provided a username not for an exception, Kluster, and also annotated with response status and then said that is not phone and then posted via Postman. And then we got the expected results. So this completes the list controller advice implementation tool. OK, so we have successfully completed a lot of things from exception handling perspective
