### Step 44. Step-03: Implement HttpRequestMethodNotSupportedException in GEH.md
Welcome back. In this lecture, we're going to implement exception handler for his teacher, Pinecrest method not supported exception. OK, so this is also one of the exception which is already defined in the response and to the exception handler. OK, so we are going to override this using our global exception handler rule class. OK, so let's do that now. So let's see the steps ones. OK, so first we are going to test using Posman that when we provided batch method, this is the method, not supported exception. Right. So whenever we operate a batch method for create user, what is the response we are getting. Right. So and then we'll go back to the exception here and for our custom global exception. Handler So and then we'll implement this Handal method argument. Not valid from the spontaneity exception. OK. OK, this is a copy paste issue. It should be handled, has to be a request method, not supported. OK, so we are going to override this matter from response and to the exception. And then again, we are going to provide batch method for creating and modify the response. So first, let's go back to Obama Posman and then test it, OK? So I will do some usernames. Kirrily one one and I'll say this is Carillion, right. And this is a that it should be a valid user. Right. So if I a post it should work ideally. Correct. OK, so it got created. So in the same way I'll add one more for this unique constraint in here, not a large one. So that no unaccept batch method. OK, so this, this particular post method. But I'm sending the patch method. Let's see what happens. OK, so batch method it said. But for your file method not a allowed but we didn't get any bloody response. OK, so which means this is not good. OK, ideally we should also get some method saying some information. OK, so let's go ahead and implement that now. So let's go to our idea. Right. So if in the response entity, the exception handler, we can see it here handling GDP request method not supported. OK, so let me copy this method and then come back to our custom global exception handler. Right. So and what is the for which method we are doing this. So let me add in this little bit. Good. Yeah. So now. Let's go up. Right. So far, which matter we're implementing is her to request method, not supported exception. OK, so here's GTP request method not supported exception we are going to handle here. So let me copy what we have copied from there. OK, so all these things, whatever it is, they're here. OK, so and then we are going to implement our customer details. Right. So let me copy these customer details from here. It is going to be same. Right. So. And also written and then edited whatever is required. Right, so I'll say. Customer details from, say, from. SDP status from here, I am sending this message like this, OK? And yet just I'm saying this one deadly. Whatever we want, we can say example like a method, not a law. I can just give an idiot and I can even say, additionally, I turn out the law, OK? It should be more reasonable when we are implementing and production are for real cases. But I just want to ensure that this is coming from G.H., which is nothing a global exception handler. So I just gave like this. OK, so in response entity and then customer details and then it is method not phoned. Right. So dark matter not allowed. Yeah. That is the one. So I'd say method not outlawed. OK, so this completes the response has to request method not supported exception. Implementations of what we need to do is we need to also override the method. Right. And, and control Chief Def so our command should have to. Formatted and then save it. OK, so now we have implemented to method, good method, not supported also. So let's go back to our. Posman, OK, and then for creative users using the patch method and then send it. OK, so now if you see here, I got the timestamp and I got the message from the person I did not support. Immediate exception in G.H. and Method not allowed. OK, whatever we have defined and other details we have given, but get a message which is the method Bache not supported. OK. So like this. So we have got the information, whatever we need, and also to be sure to score we can see for free method. Not a lot. OK, so this completes the implementation of his request method not supported exception
