### Step 87. Step-03: Implement Request Parameter Versioning.md
Welcome back.  In this lecture, we are going to implement a request parameter versioning, so let's go ahead and then  see the detailed steps we need to implement.  OK, so in request parameter versioning, as usual, we are going to copy our existing user.  You are watching controller and then add additional parameters with parameter version one and version  two.  So methods are going to be and the data objects are going to be same.  But only one thing changes is the parent's values and another thing is the complete you in the controller.  So this one is for our organization perspective, which means like how we are organizing our APIs,  what we are building as part of this project, we are going to say versioning and under what we are  saying, it is paramount.  OK, so let's go ahead and then implement that now.  So as usual, we'll copy this and go back to our idea.  Right.  So I need to come back.  I think so.  User, you are a worsening controller.  Let me copy it and let me paste it and let me get the name right.  I'll say this says user request parameter versioning controller.  Right.  So we are creating multiple controllers here because we are trying to put our code very much separate  so that it will be easy to reference as part of this section what we have done.  OK, so we are clearly organizing to ensure that our during the learning process, we don't have any  issue or any confusions.  All right.  So now we have changed our request, mapping to versioning slash Perram slash users.  Right.  So now instead of you are rationing, this is going to be the.  Request barometer, basad whatshername.  It's the same for this one, Ulcerate.  Listening.  So what we're going to send instead of you, what we are going to send.  Request Adams.  OK, so let me remove this and let me remove this right and I will say value is a call to slash Irey  after users, right.  So and value is equal to Idy.  And now we need to define our bottoms.  OK, so I'll Adams is equal to.  Version one, right?  So this is going to be version one, so this method is version one in the same way I can define the  same for our second method.  Right.  Let me keep it here for our second method.  And it is going to be the version.  If we want, we can put version one in there and then see what happens.  Right.  So it throws the error.  So let me change it to two and then save it.  OK, so now it popped up correctly.  If you want, we can see what happened.  OK.  See.  And we can see it here, we have the weather popping up again, ambiguous map and cannot map so-and-so  or so-and-so, right?  So that's the thing here.  Was a request from Washington controller.  So let me change it to Russian two and then save it.  So if you see here in the mapping section, right.  So things should be unique, which means it cannot be either either here, it should be unique or in  the parameters.  Right.  So if we have one more parameter here, again, no issue as input parameter.  So it's the error is related to that.  Nothing related to what?  Chinning what we are doing here, OK.  So now we have defined both methods with the Russian one and then Russian in the gate mapping with Purdum's.  Right.  So now we can move on to go ahead and then start testing.  So as usual, shall we need to copy our context.  But right.  So that's the more important one.  So we are seeing worsening slash parum slash user.  So earlier one is watching Slash.  You are right.  So now it is Bagram's, so it saved.  So we'll go to over Bowsman and then save the existing one.  Let me close one and I'll save us and I'll say this says request I can say directly parametrized Purdum's  v1.  OK, and let me give the context here.  OK, let me minimize these things.  OK, so Param Sweatman and versioning parents, users.  Slash one zero one, right?  What question mark Watson is equal to one, we can see it here, right?  So let me click on Save and then send it right.  We've got the response and the response.  We can clearly see here.  We don't have anything else here related to address.  So let me change it to two years and then save it and then send.  OK, so you can see where we got the address in Iraq, which means it was my proposal to use a veto  so that the other day to a veto we are getting new Iraq, which is nothing but our address.  So let me change it back to one so you can see here and here also you can see the slide here.  Also, we can define it or we can directly light it here with a question mark.  So let me say it.  One is good.  So let me also say this with so that we have both ready for us.  OK, so let me minimize these things.  OK, so we have that.  And then let me also say it with two.  So now we have both projects, both which was created in Posman also.  And we have successfully tested our request parameter BASAD versioning, OK.  So as usual, we already discussed it very in detail about what is present in this matter.  Nothing.  But we are going we are going to retrieve the user using it and install it in user and in the user.  We are going to pass that as the source for the model mapper and the destination is going to be whatever  the data object we want to convert.  So for each one, which means like for each of the.  Russians, we have this upgraded objects available here for Russian when we have used data were even  and further Russian to use the data will be to accordingly it is transforming and then providing us  the decent results back.  So this completes our request parameter rationing.  So in the next lecture, we will focus on custom header versioning.    .  Thank you.    
