### Step 91. Step-07: GIT Commit Code & Push for Content Negotiation branch.md
Welcome back.  In this lecture, we're going to complete our committee push and then make the things normal from get  perspective, right?  So we have completed our country negotiation section just now.  So we need to push the content.  The content will go to good standing.  So primarily we will have to endure the problem that axman in addition to that, as we are fixing one  bug which created as part of its implementation.  So we have also fixator that.  So I'll say content negotiation first come.  Right, so and then I'll come out and push.  In addition, we have also fixed one more, but that's fine.  I could commit and then.  Whoosh click next.  And click finish.  So this should also create about 11 zero 02 Springboot under negotiation in our the report also.  So let's go back to our gut.  So we have this let me close these things closer.  OK, so now let me open them, master.  Right here, we have already had brands created.  So let me check with the local master.  Right.  So let me also start the journey and we don't need it so from our local master and say much and local  master Robert Maginnis, Lawrence Springborg, content negotiation.  Right.  So let me add to that.  OK, so I have it right.  So let me refresh to see that touchiness reflected.  OK, you can see it here to continue negotiations nine nine six seven F six is the same year C nine  nine six seven five six.  And coming back also you can see containerisation first come in.  So now let me also push this to a remote branch.  Right.  So I'll say push and then Proview.  And then I will push it, see?  So push completed and we can see the change in our origin, Master.  It looks good.  OK.  Meantime, everything from the IDL ones will go to a Web browser and also ensure that we are bought  from all branches perspective.  OK, so we have the branch, the Springboot building blocks in our GitHub slash stack.  Simplify, right.  So I'll go build.  And if I see here, my masterbrand, OK, just now had a saying content negotiation first come two minutes  before.  Right.  And I can also see all my other branches here, one ground zero zero two Hollowell G.P.A. exception  handling validations, SpongeBob, probably one too many Springhill to bring international utian spring  filtering spring filtering with mapping the and values Springboot filming this and View and Springboot  model Mirpur between some abstract Springboot versioning and then Springboot content negotiation.  That's very nice.  Which means every section, whatever we have implemented all we have the blanches here so any branch  we can check out and then test for that respective functionality.  Very good.  OK, so.  I'll see you in the next lecture.  .  Thank you.  