### Step 88. Step-04: Implement Custom Header Versioning.md
Welcome back.  In this lecture, we are going to implement custom header rationing, so if you go back to your detailed  steps, as usual, what we have done in our Parum section instead of Pelham's, we are going to have  headers.  So we are going to copy our request parameter Russian controller and then make it as user custom header  version controller.  Right.  And then for the get mappings, they are going to change it to headers and then head that.  I'm going to say the operation is equal to one for the first one and the AP version is going to do for  the second one.  So when I'm testing their Posman, I'm going to ensure that I'll send the header.  Depression is equal to one and then April two to tougher when I'm testing both moved on and then be  two versions.  In addition, we also ensure that our context is versioning slash header slash users for disrespect  to rest controller and then implementation.  So let's go back to our idea and then start working on the same thing.  So let me copy the user request parameter version controller and then paste here.  And the name I'm going to say user custom header Russian controller.  Right.  And then click.  OK, so now I have the.  User, custom header, worsening controller.  So what we need to do, we need to get the part right, versioning headers users.  So this is the one, so I'll copy this vote.  So now we have that things ready.  So instead of bottoms, we are going to set headers, right.  So I can copy the header and then paste it directly.  Right.  So.  Hadass.  Heavenly music, our custom had a municipal version and is a code one for the matter one.  Right.  And for the second one, it is going to be to.  So let me give you some spaces here and then define it does right, and it is nothing, but it is custom  had that sort of versioning.  So I'll say custom header BASAD versioning.  Right.  So I'll see custom Basad worsening.  So now we are going to send the headers instead of firearms from our previous section.  Right.  So in the methods are going to be C and everything is going to be same only in the gate mapping we or  just the headers.  Right.  So can command a command shift f OK just to format the court to look nicer.  So let me see if this.  Right.  So let's go back to our boss man, let me copy the version that uses this context, which is required  for us in the postman.  OK, so let me save my existing postman request, as had last slide.  So I'll say headers and then I will say one.  Right.  And then see.  So now it will be saved in the versioning with headers.  Right.  OK, even so, here, let me remove this and also remove all these things context.  OK, let me say versioning slash header slash user slash and my user is one zero one.  Let me say it here and now let me go to the headers here, because the header section, so what I'm  looking at is a hyphen russianness, my header name.  Right.  Ippei hyphen version and I'll give the values one.  Let me save it and send it.  So we got the response and we can see here we don't have anything here.  Right from address perspective.  Stanfield's we have got it.  So now let me say this veto and then say to versioning and I'll change the header values and then again  save it and then send it.  So now if you see the GSM response, we can see here in the address we can see the you are OK.  So I can also send the user as one zero two from earlier.  We're testing only with one zero one.  Right.  So one zero two.  So we can see NewJersey are we have one more user named.  One zero three and we can see California, he has only one or that, right, so it looks good.  So now if I say the heteros one for this user, so it should not show any hydrosphere that way about  it.  OK, so let me put to save send.  OK, we should be good now.  So this completes our custom header implementation for versioning.  OK, so in the next lecture we will focus on implementing the media type.  OK, so let's reiterate what we have done.  So we have changed the request mapping here and in get mapping we just added the headers with AP Watson  one for the first one and second one with headers with the AP version two.  And then we went back to our postman and then tested it.  So we just replace it with headers here and the header name we have given the customer that name yapper  hyphen version.  That's all we have done.    .  Thank you.    
