### Step 89. Step-05: Implement Media Type Versioning.md
Welcome back.  In this lecture, we are going to implement the media type rationing, so let's see the detailed steps.  OK, so immediately portioning, as usual, we are going to create the new media type version in control  or by copying any of the custom header control over the parameter controller.  And then we'll go ahead and then update the mapping.  OK, with this part, OK, which is nothing but produces is equal to applications.  We ended up stac simplified, not even plus Gissen and for the second one it is going to be veto.  Right.  And then we'll go into a lot Posman and then put the header values accept.  Right and tested.  But this value.  So instead of.  Custom header, you're doing it with our acceptation now, so if you see here, whatever the client  who is consuming the service, he is supposed to send disrespect to her like disrespectful value for  the acceptable.  So let's go back to our idea and then start implementing this.  So let me.  Go here.  No idea.  And copy this, had us control, all right, copy and paste it right, and the name is going to be user  media type controller.  Click OK, so now we have our media type watch any controller, so we should have our context also here.  So let me say this as media type, right?  So.  The same year also, it is going to be media time.  So this is our media type context.  OK, so here it is, good.  So instead of headers, we are going to change it to produce and then update our path accordingly.  So let me copy this and then pasted.  So in the same way, Fred, our next method, we are going to also put it.  And just going to change it to veto, right, and this is going to be a media type versioning, so let  me also change that comment.  Right.  So I will say mediatheque worsening, so in this, if you see here, so whenever the user sends the  header, I accept header with this content, then disrespectful version of services sold, which means  user data will move and will be sent in the same way whenever a user sends this meta header in the accept  header.  So user data veto will be sold.  So let's go ahead and then implement our.  Postmen requests and then tested the same thing.  OK, so let's come here and let me see if this is media typewrite, media type V1.  And my this is going to be user slash one zero one save here and let me change this to accept Heather  and my value.  Right.  Well, you will copy from our code here, OK?  So application slash, we ended out stacks.  Simplify that app so you can put whatever you want here, OK?  So if you see that there's an app that are so that as per the latest and just even this value also is  getting changed.  OK, so but for now we can use it.  OK, so this one you can put company or our organization or anything.  OK, so I just killed Stack simplify.  OK, so let me copy this complete stuff.  Right.  And then go here for the accept.  Let me put this.  OK, see you.  And then send.  So I got the one zero one.  So let me take this for one zero three.  OK, so I got the one zero three and I don't have any address field here, right.  So let me see if this a veto.  Right.  Media type written version of my API.  And I also think the acceptable way to apply for me to write and let me send it right now, I got the  address field.  So this confirms that to you.  Whatever we are sending the accept header, OK, if it matches here, then it is going to give us the  exact data for that respective version.  So this completes our even the media type of questioning.  So let us to reiterate what we have done.  Fromentin, if you see here.  So let me go here.  Right.  So these are the complete steps, OK.  So far, we have created a new branch and then we have created two DETI was here, one for user data  will be one and the other one is user data V2.  And then.  We have also created the address, fill that entity and ensure that in that user data or even other  than address, everything will be there and that it will be too, including the address will have the  fields.  So and we went back to implementing that.  You are rationing.  So we have pasteboard with we wondered, you know, we and then we 2.0.  So by updating them in the respect to get map in the area and next we move on to parameter rationing  and ensure that in the get mapping we have added perambulation is equal to one and then Watson is equal  to two.  And for our users, query parameter Russian is equal to one.  And then Watson is called the two.  We have tested and ensure that only for the second service we got the address field.  Then we move on to the custom header versioning in custom header versioning.  Also, we have provided the headers in the kidnapping saying that a Russian is equal to one.  So this area version is called to do so.  This and then in the context also if you see we have sent the header from the postman, Russian is called  one and then AP, Russian is called to two and then Piston.  And then we got the results as expected for one, we didn't get the address feel.  And for two, we got the address filled with ventrilo media type Russian.  By implementing it, we have provided producers' is equal to this applications that we ended up so into  our pipeline we won and then our pipeline between both methods and ensure that when we tested it, the  first one we thought address will and the second one with address will then be sent to the accept header  as this value.  So which means clients are supposed to send the accept header with those respective values to ensure  that the access that respect to API.  So that's about the implementation of versioning and doing so.  Now, when all these are completed, our final step is to commit and push code where I rewrite.  So let me go back here and let me minimize this and let's go together.  So we have saved everything right here in the good staging.  We can we have also made the changes to our data, Eskild, right so far our I just feel so let me push  all these things here and I will say whatshername first comit, OK, and then I'll commit and then push.  So 11 01 Springboot Washington will also be created in our remote origin.  So click next.  And click finish.  OK.  Good, so let's go back to our guest and then also see that worsening first commute.  Good, right?  So here we can see it.  So next in the next lecture, anyway, we are going to do the one zero two, right anyway and Matmata  this with the master.  OK, so let me close.  Instead of in the next lecture, we are going to do the content negotiation.  So at the time, once that is completed completely, one section will map it to the master and then  we really don't need.  So I'll see you in the next section with the content negotiation.  So .  Thank you.    
