### Step 73. Step-03: Implement Dynamic Filtering with MappingJacksonValue & @RequestParam.md
Welcome back. In the previous lecture, we have completed the best typecasts, OK, so using mapping Jackson value. So now we are going to create a new method to convert the existing method to send field Venezuela request pattern, which means, well, programs in our lab. The service and then. Use it to retrieve the data, so which means like it is going to be a completely dynamic. So from our service so in the postman, if you see here, so from Purdum's. So what I can say is like from fields, I can see in the fields from here, and then I can say, you left me a message saying whatever I want and then those details will be coming back to us. OK, so let's implement that now. So let's go back to what I do. So what we do is like we can call this first Matanza. Feels what I said. Right, so now we are going to define one more word, perhaps. OK, so I'll copy this method and then. Posted here, right? So that is the first matrix on the top. So now this is the second method I'm going to say get used to and then finish with it. Did it? Request better. So what I'm going to do here is first I'm going to add a different context for this, so I'll say that. OK, so just to differentiate from our previous method. Right. So now the other thing is what I said here is from Posman, I'm going to send the parameters between feels OK, and then this I'm going to send there. So which means I want to define that request here. Right. So I say on in and did it request. But come on, you've got to import that right. Then I'll say. So whatever we have been the right set string and then answer. Feels right. So instead of sending food from here, well, instead of setting the families using this static said we're going to get the frames from our respective. This service, OK, so let's do that. No input because but I'm not. OK, so this is important. We have completed the change in the context and then we have completed the adding value to make this better. Right. At the request. And then I know those things, as I said upstream. And it's like you said. So now what we're going to do is we are going to remove this part, OK? So if you see this as is right, because you see this year, it's the same thing which we have defined. OK, so let me save this. OK, so that's all. We didn't do much here. What we have done is we have the robot slash program slash 80. So which means in a different context. But even as the variables are different variables, it has if we're sending two variables then in the same pattern. So it should work. OK, so that just to identify that this request also, it is like it is good to have this service. OK, have better services. That doesn't matter. Right. So the first thing is context and the second thing is request better. OK, and then one feels the same films will be posted here and then filtered out other things other than whatever we pass out here. Right. So let me save it and then come up Wassmann. So I'm going to copy this existing request. I guess it will be killed here. I'm going to say at the end of the and then I'll perhaps write so that it will be easy and decks for the flash user slash our contextless parents. Right. And then save so many. I'm not sending any friends there. Let's see what happens. OK, so for under that request. OK, so now in the bottom section. OK, so we're going to do better. So see and and then I just need to use writing and then see and then send. So I've got the user ready. So come on. I say I need the name. Right. And see how bad it is. So they know I need something called SSN. So I got bossism in the same way I one more, which is I can say, oh that's right, we have orders. So all things considered as one field, even though it has a nested element and then it has a lot of things inside that that doesn't matter for the same bed just for this person. It is like the higher level thing, which is orders in this respect. Bluefields Betsey's one feel to get that and better others came. OK, so this computer came. So that's about the. Dynamic service implementation using mapping Jackson value, so so take what we have done in this intersection, what we have done is so we have created a mapping works and map out and then possible user object. We have to treat every user object here and then pass it here. OK, and then we have created a filter provider name to a simple filter provider and then added filter user filter. And then you have and using simple properties, we have to dump all except the frames which we are passing in, in the first method we have defined by using static assets and then passive here. And then we have retender, the spectrum mapper when we see this and then this only difference is when we are sending the data via request. But I'm using a lot of respect, less service, that's all is the different. One important thing is we have also added our annotation Jason filter at the entity level so that with retrospective filter, so that that filter will be applied to this respective entity. So this completes the mapping Jackson value dynamic filtering with use cases. So I'll see you in the next election with this. And that is also a very good concept, which we are going to implement. And then we're also going to have a segment in that I let you know when we're implementing it. So I'll see you then the next night and then bye bye. Thank you. 
