### Step 75. Step-05: Introduction to Filtering using @JsonView.md
Welcome back. In this lecture, we're going to create Springboot filtering that, creating news, using the same annotation. So this interview is used to customize their reviews so each upload a different level in a less to categories which field belongs to which view. It is also applied at sadness level. So that for that respect to the service, which is really to be shown, will be to in Madison, you forbid respect to class in the to define that class. And that only will be displayed at that point. They will be sent back as a response to the A for that respect that service. OK, so it will be very useful if you have a single entity or model which you need to be provided with different views to different categories of claims. So I have different categories of claims had access in this respect to entity are model and then few people need fewer attributes and then few people need fewer attributes so we can create different views from a single entity or model and then give it to them so that it will be easier for handling these with the different category of clients. So if I see here, you know, because we have already been in we manage the user entity and that entity. So I just said that in order management so that we're going to do this, so we have to defend the defense. I mean, first and last name, this is an annual event that's for our management. Right. To create orders. So those are also the. Service users are user videos are being used writing all those things are also displayed because we have made one too many mapping from use that water management in the previous sections to what is considered to present day buying patterns. OK, so one is external view. So consider this is an external service and for the external service, I just need to send some simple that I don't need to send lots of data, so few friends I'm expected to send for them. So I so say that I was a first name, last name and then email will be for my external clients. But internally I have other services calling this respect service. Right. So at that point I have an internal review for this. OK, and I also need to send, in addition to whatever we are sending in, external means, like in extending to the external review, the independent review, I want to send word SSN and then others. So we are going to get these views and then we are going to implement this is nothing but obvious and implementation. So in addition to that, we'll also discuss at the end of the course in the distance between between speculative and also. No, it's like, you know, to have one assignment, you're stating you can do the same for employee management. So employee management, if you see we have the following rules place, I mean, Department of and salary and then last promotion did. So these things come to we need to present employee reviews. So one is, for example, in his regular websites, whatever the organization uses first, then if you click on the profile, it should show the employee name and the department. But his manager, his manager of you should have his employee, the name department, and he's the immediate manager who also needs them the time and McGlothin, the same for the letter. He focuses on the salary and last promotion did so in addition to employee the name department, you need to also provide salary and last promotion did. So let's see how we are going to implement this in our example. Right. So this is one way of how we are going to implement this. It is going to be a little typical, but that you can give a three. So these are the riskiest steps of all time, this means like whatever I have listed, another obvious quote, I just follow. Complete picture what we are going to do and discuss these things before implementing it. OK, so if you see here, as usual, we're going to create a 090 Springboot for opening this new branch for us. OK, so now this time, all this you are doing for our next few letters will do what way? So now in the Gissen view. So in addition to your implementation, what we are going to do here is are going to create a class named Views. And inside that we are going to create static classes, external class and internal class and disrespectful external plus external events like this internal class extends the external plus will do that now. OK, and then we'll go to a user entity and then annotated with a decent view for the aspect of who belongs to external the external class which belongs to internal with internal class, and then will go to the controller. And then as usual, for every new section, we are trying to create separate controllers wherever required. So we'll create a new controller, user, gissen view controller and create a method, get usability with the external and one more that will be able to offer internal and context ideas and more users. The external one zero one one zero one who's ready? And in context for Antonella's. I can say this as I did a mistake here and see internal right. And then we will annotate disrespect to rest matters with a bit of this and external class, which means this external view should be given this respect to service. And then I did this with internal dissent. You start internal class. So that internal should be displayed for the internal review. That's what accessing this respectfulness service both were going to test using Posman and then see the difference. So let's go ahead and implement this. No, no idea. 