### Step 72. Step-02: Implement Dynamic Filtering using MappingJacksonValue.md
Welcome back. In this lecture, we're going to implement Spambots dynamic filtering using map indexing value and Jason Filter. So if you see we're going to use map indexing value to implement the dynamic filtering, so then use the annotation images and filter, apply the model plus which we are going to create in our country service layers. So and from the logic we're going to implement in our servicer control. So it is applicable based on our frameworks. So primarily I would guess what we're going to do is first implement it with a basic Hassid, which means like we'll create a filter with a set of values using the basic has set said. Then once that is completed and been tested, then we'll move on to creating new. Service from the service, we will send a set of parameters and then only this parameter data will be used in that respect to the service. So it is going to be a completely dynamic, which means we are going to send a set of parameters from the postman for respect to the service and in the service will respond with only the data for those respective fields. So that's what we are going to test. So these two things we are going to be using mapping Jackson value. So let's go back to and then see the detailed steps which we are going to perform. So as a first step, we are going to create a springboard for mapping Rexon value. So we are going to create a new branch and once we create the new branch will go to our country and incorporate existing user controller and create a user map and Jackson controller so that whatever we implement, it can be isolated and then seen in the code whenever we want, even though we are having the separate branches. I am also trying to ensure that each implementation will be easily accessible in the. Then during the learning process. OK, so that's the reason I'm creating a new controller user mapping Jackson controller. OK, I'm going to copy cat user by the method from the user controller and then we're going to implement the Jackson Mapping Index and then method filters in that user method. So we'll see how we are going to the first of to implement the best logic, the static headset. And then later we will also convert the interservice into dynamic, the service, allowing the request parents from their service and then between the data for the respective parameters are fames and then send it back filename will come with the code Y and then put that into the remote. So in plus four to five sections, what we have done is we have done from get perspective, we have done everything the command line. So for being there idea. So for the next few sections again will follow by the user data, which will be used to the git process from it also. So let's go back to the original. So let me go to the zero nine zero one. OK, so here it is, right, zero nine zero one in the local and then create a brand and then Chopard 090 to Springbroot for mapping the action value and then click on Finish and then continue. Right. So now this has created a new branch for us. OK, so let's go back to our. General perspective, I know our first step is to focus on creating the user, Jackson mapping the Jackson controller. Right. So we'll go to user controller at the same time, will first create a controller for user mapping the X and controller. So creating the controllers plus. I'll see you there mapping the Jackson. Controller, usually film buffs will be created in filters package with different things and then those will be called in, other controllers are the service layers. But here we are trying to demonstrate a map in Jacksonville that primarily will focus on creating a new controller and in the controller itself directly in though service method itself will implement it. OK, so let me click on Finish and then so the first thing that we need to make it as it the controller. Right. So in the second one is we also had request mapping and for the services which were going to implement here. So we're going to say that this value is equal to slash Jackson four slash uses, OK, so that this is good. And we are also going further with the usability method. We are doing the part validation. So let's put it this way. OK, shift to input all three packages. So now we'll go back to our user controller and then Koppenhaver get user by Idee Method. Right. So this is a user by the method. Let me copy here and then. It here. So one thing we need to do is we also need to automate our service here. So let me call the service out the real thing and then pasted here. So let me make this bigger. So now you can see that these are mapping blocks, controllers. We have created this class, the trust component, and then annotated it with request mapping. And the value is the context is going to be Jacksonville pulseless users. Right. And then Seattleite will give us the respective idea and then its content. So and we have our user service and we are also Coppelia, but we are very limited here. Right. So let me save this note for small business before doing any other implementation, so let's go back to our postman, right. So this is the existing better little. So I I'll say publicly and here I will say that your four what mapping Jackson. Right. So I will say mapping. Dickson. And I need to you. Jackson from the context, so if you see it with a small Jackson filter, right, and then let me say it and then send it. OK, so I got the one zero one user, Altez, for one more user, one zero two. So whatever the tells you that username, email, all orders and then there's some data. So whatever we have been watching this in 090 one for static filtering those words Timboon action. So let's also disable them. OK, so let's go back to the user entity and then disable those things. So I'm going to say this Enigma properties, I'm going to comment it out and then I'll say this is part of static filtering. Jason Ignat. OK, so I'm just saying so better it will be a reference any time. OK, so in the same way, we also come in the same area, right, SSN field. So I'll also comment this one and then I'll also say the same thing here. So now we have also to what we have done in static voting in 09 01. Right. So now let's go back and test it one more time. But we have got our first name, last name, and then I send everything back and also for this list. But it also displays more respect for others. OK, so this looks good. So this setup is good, which means we are going to go ahead and then implement a user mapping Jackson. OK, third filter. So let's go back to the clay cat block and now so will this return and then we will try to retrieve the data. I will try to use that from here. OK, so I will say. User user is a code user service. OK, so it says jeans type of user optional, so it's optional. So I'll also name the variable as user optional, right. So now I have the user optional. So I say user user is equal to it. Optional. Don't get so that I'll get the exact user object in another user variable. Right. So. Let me say get so I got the news now so we have the user with. So now the next thing is to. The. Mapping Jacksonville. All right, so what I will say is so let me move up a little bit. Right now, this will be good luck mapping Jackson value, so I can call this as map, right? It's a call to import this. And then Michael Jackson that you and I will pass the user here. OK, so we can say that argument on that map and Jackson need to pass the argument object, which is nothing but that object to have the user object. So we have to find the map index and map, it is a continued map index and value in we passed a user object here, right? So from this user object, what you need to filter out and then what fields we need to pass those things we need to define. So I will say, Mappa, that. Filters light, so it filters so variable here, so if you see here it is. You can even take the local variable rate. So different operator filters so I can see the variable also as filter provider. OK, so and then let me copy it here, pasted here for a while and then let's go temporada and then click on command button and then it will highlight for the declaration and implementation. So an open implementation. So implementation, you can see where we can find a simple from the provider class which is the implementation for filter provider. So I copied this from the provider class, which is an implementation for filter provider, and then I can see a simple filter provider. Right. And then I will improve that of total input and then I'll enter. And then from here we can write it. So I said that. And so from that, I am saying that we have different elements in it. So we're going to use simple property filter here. So I use this simple property filter. So here, I'm going to use it for 10 minutes and I'm going to see new to use unilateral. And to be OK for for annotating it with decent filters, so we'll do that later, but for now, we'll come back with a map index and controller so we have the final frontier. So the next step is to also define a simple property filter. Right. So which we have discussed earlier, which we have seen, OK. So when we need to implement that so I can say local variables and then copy this. Right. So and this little bit here will directly define it. So it's a simple property for commensurable and for all except. Right. So photobomb except these properties. Right. Nothing but we can call the most folks in our entity. Right. So I'll see that those things in our entity. So from now on, except these forms, whatever we are mentioning here. Right. So those forms are nothing but a set. Right. Set of rules that created non-convertible. And you can see what sets string and then Satterfield's right. So that will be used in this method. We'll try to implement it with this DataCash set. OK, so what I'll do here is I'll send it as. Hash PCIP. String. Right. Come on. You've got to import, that's good. So what we can do is we can see Felicidad ad, so right up front we want to filter out and then. So whatever the founder of that attribute, we're going to add it here, will be displayed for us on the descent, so which means those films will be allowed. Other than that restaurant will be excluded from except these things. So whatever I'm going to add will be displayed in the sense of what it looks like. So I'll say I need that. Right. So that I need it. OK, so one is ready. So next one is from start, I have to add. Feels that and I will also say I need that name. So I got the username. So I'll also see Fields start at. And then I need SSN, so now I am saying that I need only three attributes, right? So those forms will be passed here, which means only needs to be allowed and then Restall will be filtered out. So that's what is the thing which we have done so far. So I'll say safe. OK, so we said no, we need to also define a return type. Right. So I say I need to return to my piano. So when I'm returning the map and mostly it will throw the. Metropolitan type projects, and so I've changed the metropolitan paper, so to map the value. So there should not be an issue if you say, well, yeah, so this should be good. Right. So I'd also say controller command, shift command in command, incommensurate F2 from the code and one more time save it. OK, so now we have a Jacksonville user slash, Heidi. If we access then we only need to use a name and SSN. So let's go back to our first postman so we have access to that once you get you ready by knapping vaccin. Right. So let me send it one more time now. OK, see? We are still waiting for company data, right? So this is the important thing, right? So we are getting the complete that we access it. That's because we still didn't apply this user filter on the entity level. So that's the reason it is doing this, OK. So what we need to do now is we need to apply this from the user filter on the entity level. So to do so, we need to go to the user that they are, which is our entity. And then I'll say this on. Filter and then come on. You have to import. Right, so there is some issue. OK, let me also add that, Robert, OK, so value is a to user. Filter. Right, so now we have added a user from that entity, let me say it once, OK, so we have also completed the last step. Let me test it again. Nobody will buy Naproxen less the service. One, two. OK, well, you see, we are getting your username and Vanessa's and three will be fine and then we are getting only three now. So if I want to add more, I can see that. And then I will say. I can add orders. OK, so for you that we have the orders, right? So let me say we took. So see the others also. Right, so Mr. Mapping is not over yet. OK, but I know straightaway we have got all this means, like this is one it considers from U.S. military perspective. So this is the thing. If you want to even implement this dreadful thing, we can do that by adding one more filter on the orders and then accordingly we can plan and then what we want and then how we want. We can do it. So we can say that ad here, in addition to one filter, you can also say you can add filter. Right. So in the same way, we have added one filter here in the same way we can add that, add another filter also. So like that we can also add another filter and then implement one. And then in Jackson we have also detailed nested filter related stuff which we can implement it, which are more advanced about Fano. This is the best filtering using the Jackson map indexing value. So as we have completed here. OK, so in the next lecture we're going to focus on converting this complete service into a dynamic one, which means so now whatever we are defining in the static set you are getting here, right? So instead of that, I should be able to send here. Right. So what is that is like I need to send here in the bottom section. I need to send from the values here and then you should get the data. So they'll do that in our next lecture. . Thank you. 
