### Step 76. Step-06: Implement Filtering using @JsonView.md
Welcome back. So let's go back and start creating a little business class and we started classes, external and internal, so let's go back to already. So I was able to Springboot for knapping Jackson. So let me create a new bench and then paste. The brand has zero nine zero three Springboot for entering this and you finish and then continue. OK, we have got the branch created. So let me go to the perspective and then perspective and then let me first in the user control and letting the user entity let me come and decide which of the latter to just filter forever mapping Jackson section. Right. So I say here is a. You from. Mapping Jackson, well, you. Filtering S. So we really don't need that now. OK, so I will say it, OK, so that looks good. Nothing good about my user, my and less so than the simple filter provider. So now let me minimize this here and then I'll go to my intersection. Now I'm going to create a class of your class. OK, so I'll say class and then I'll give the class name. I'm creating this in our entity's area. OK, so maybe to do the presentation classes, just I'm creating it here. OK, so now we're going to define classes here. So one is. Extremely close, which has some information and then one is impanelled, plus which has additional information, so let me do one thing so I can say public static, class, external. OK, so I can say like this, OK, you can even you're not going to define anything, but it's a standard style, OK? So I also say public. Static class. Internal and internal were going through additional forms in addition to external right. So NSA extends. External and then that's all OK, so we have whatever views, OK, this class, we have to both our external and internal classis user entity, right. So I am the user entity now. So let's start with the. So this one I need to annotated with this and view and then I will say you start external dot class. OK, so this will be available in our external class. You of to import that and you could see in the same way the next one, which is user name. Right. So this is also the same view you start, you can see it here. We have seen the external but. Plus, right, so this looks good, so remaining also copy the same, right? So I'll go to this. And then for first time also, we will ensure that we are giving it an external plus last month. So we'll give it an external plus e-mail address and so we'll give it another external plus. But when coming to. Well, SSN and then others will try to give them an internal classes, OK, so I'll see internal DOT class the same way for SSN also I will say in lower class. But. And others also, we can see that glass. I will see you tonight. OK, so let me see. All right, so now we have completed the entire site changes further, just send you some money to implement the controversial changes. So let me go to the controller area. Right. So let me go here and then create a new controller. So I'll send you class and then I'll define it as a user, GSM controller. Right. And let me go to over user controller and then copy this automating stuff. For user service, and I will also koppenhaver that possibly use that 80, right. So this method gets used by this method, introduced a new controller. OK, so let me make it bigger. Let me define it as our first controller. Right. So this is going to be less controller. Let me copy these things also from our user controller. OK. It will be easy. So I'll copy these and then. Posted here, and then I'll be fine. Yeah, that's Geosung view slash user's right, and then I will save it. Polier. So one thing know, what we need to do is say this as external service, OK, and now we'll also define one more thing, which is internal. Come down. And also the fine. So this is. External and this is going to be internal and that was a bad idea, and then I also said this is internal. So let me see if this still here. OK, so now we have our external service and then internal service defined by user. So this is a publication when we are having this and view. But it's an option means like whatever we want to use, either we need to use static filtering with this and ignore or we can use the mapping Jackson values or we can use the and all depends on our requirement. We want to implement it. So now we're going to do you for this external classified. So I'll send you some of you and then I'll see you start external dart class. OK, so now our. External class, whatever we have to, right, so it's equal and will be applicable to this service. OK, let me save it, OK, in the same way. Now, this is our Internet. So let me say this one review and I'll save you start internal dot class. OK, so far this internal review will be applicable. So let's go ahead and test this, not go to our Posman. And this is our producer by Deloitte. So let me Duplicator will get you there by 80, OK? And then I will say this says. Looks external just on view. Right. So we have the external design so we can see here the context is this on the other side and after that, we have externalised one more value and then let me save this and then send it so you can see here, in our external view, if you go back to our user, you said that for external, we need to send you the user name, first name, last name and then e-mail. So we've got the same last name in our external service. So let me look at it for our internal look. So and then let me make this as. And Colonel, what happened? Yeah, internal Dawsonville. OK, let me see and then I will change the context here is am internal, OK, and then see if I send it. You can see you have got the lady with a name, first name, last name, e-mail, and then we got the real assassin in the orders. So so far that we have got empty because those were not defined in the view. So let's go back to our orders and then also find there for them. OK, so we'll go ahead and then open our orders file. And what seems like forever altered any other description we are going to add, you write this on view and then you need to see you start. We are going to display this under employment so that class OK, so safe in the same. We will do the same for a second one right out of description. Do this on you. You start in the class and then say so. No, the other than that it actually works also will be displayed here. OK, so let me click on Signal. Right. So if you see that, any other description, all the details now it is coming right. So far, the internal service. So we have tested our external service for whatever other things matter for our external service with this. And we have got those things. And for the internal whatever the attributes matter on the those attributes displayed for us. So this assembly is more flexible for us, which means like how we want to view the stuff, which means like in this respect to internal view, I really don't want to send out a description. OK, so you can even restricted in here. OK, so let's go here and then say, I don't want to send out a description for my internal view for others. OK, just I need order I.D.. OK, you can do this. OK, so that's the thing. So that it's a flexible thing. So one important thing when doing the static filtering, if you remember this more than an important indiscernible properties, is whenever I applied those things at different level around the class level, there's no properties are the same. Ignore what happened. If you remember, our request was a request is failing. So now we know we have some new annotated with each one of you annotation. Right. So let's see what happens now. OK, let me send it. OK, so and then I said that all users OK, and then said, see, I got the user, which means my first year that is available for us. OK, so next organelle another. So it's here because I need to change these things right, for and then for so to one user created single users. So I see what my put in post requests usually will not have an impact when I'm using the Jessan view on the thing I need to ensure if I apply a different level JSON view, even though I am handling that, playing with these things. OK, so we need to ensure that the class, as Matt Brown said, that with one too many we have a and orders right so far, but also we need to annotate them so that those films also will be coming as part of that. OK, so if you don't annotate with this and any feel for the prospect, complete request before and after, it is not going to come before it is coming and the day not coming weeks when we are doing the Disney implementation, we need to ensure that every field is having a decent view and then it is mapped to that respect to review. OK, so these computers are just and real implementation. So we need to go above the example, right. We discuss it. OK, so you can create a class with the. And department one plus. OK, and then it takes time manager of your department a long time ago and normally you can extend to manageably with these attributes and the normal schedule can extend with additional salary and the last promotion day. So that's all. And then looking at three classes. OK, unbury static views class. OK, so we're going to do you're going to create a normal view and then. Normal class, and then you're going to annotated with these things like these three attributes, normal middle class will be annotated and middle class, you are going to annotate for a long time and time and for her terms, like for her classmates, like for her to view what I like to take stock in salary and loss, promote gender. So these two will be with you at a lecture class and it extends the same normal view. OK, so that's all. And then it will be simple for you to implement so you can go ahead and then try this example and then let me know if you have any issues. So one last thing we need to do as a nation. So we need to get a good student here and we have better ideas. We have better user, we have better user. Jason, your controller, which we created and then use also we have created newly. So I'll say this and use. First, commit like this one, first commit and then also commit and then push it to create a new branch in a remote git repository understocked simplify Springboot building blocks get. So that's fine. So I click on Next. And then I click on Finish. OK, good, so I will go back, get perspective, and then we will see here we have got this in your first comment we have got and also one thing that we need to do, we need to match this with our existing master because we have completed complete zero nine section. Right. So have completed zero nine section completely. So much the master with a zero nine three. OK. So check out Master continue. I will stop the Gibeah. OK, and from Master in local master, I'm trying to merge the branch nine zero three from local zero nine zero three and then much. That's OK. So I'm trying to show these things for you while. Heidi, it would have been all these things were coming so much and also now we have been where? So now I have the letters that I never muster, right, so I can push this masterbrand to the. Somewhat so the thing was here and then you see here, I hate first commute, which is nothing but internationalization. So I push this, OK, push Brent to the origin master. So I'll also you and it will be four to five minutes earlier. That's fine. OK, so they will push it OK. So it's pushing to that. Let's see, let's wait. OK, so it's completed. So now if you see here are the G.M., right? He is with seven three one nine four, and then we're also so which means both our masterbrand is also in both local and remote areas. So this complex are computer filtering section in the next section will work on either topic for Springboot. So I'll see you in the next lecture and next section.