### Step 83. Step-07: MapStruct - Implement getUserById Method using MapStruct UserMapper.md
Welcome back. We are going to keep it getting better for details. OK, so let's go ahead and then create that. No. So here. So let's go to user maps, traffic controller. So we have created so forget all users. So now we'll create our get usable idea. Right. So. Public, so what are we going to return? We're going to return in user. And Miss Lady will back, OK? And then I will say get you there by Heidi and the input, what we are going to take is already right but variable and then longer and then, Heidi, come and shift. Oh, OK. Apart variable is important. So now first thing is to. Get over it first. OK, so I'll say user user is equal to the user repository dot. Fine by me, OK? And then whatever I'm passing is pretty good. So now what happens is. We'll give the user. Let me put the user here. OK, and now it should be user optional played, so let me change that. So let me also change the variable name also to user optional. So now my user is in use. That option I look at to get the exact unit object. What we need to do is. User user is equal to user optional dot dot user. OK, so I'm not implementing anything here related to. If that exists and then what should I do, all those things, OK, even we can implement those things right now, you're OK. But for now, we'll leave that like that. First of all, fix these things. OK, so then we need to return, right? So what we need to return. We need to return the user MSJ to you. So from user my product. So this is the end user to demonstrate to the user. Right. So this method we have defined in our Mappa interface user interface. Right. So we need to parse the user. We have the user here. I am passing it. OK, so that's all. OK, let me save this. So now we have completed the user by the method creation, so we need to annotated with good mapping and then provide that I. Right. So let me send out as the best variable, so let me save it. OK, so just to have a little bit more, you can add if you are optional, that is presentments they give you that is not present, then throw the other and all those things. OK, but for now and see how it is behaving. OK, so I am not implementing any exception handling here, just trying to understand and then implement maps to use map or whatever we're creating here. OK, so let me go back to the postman and let me create a new method here, OK. So I'll say and request and I'll get you there. But Heidi, this is for an abstract right map abstract. So let me minimize these things. We don't need these. Yeah. So get usability maps trip and I will say localhost. And here is the map struct. Right, Sue, so slash abstract slash user slash one zero one. So let me send this, OK? So I got the details. So one zero one cariddi transcendentalism. So we have successfully implemented the. That are already using the. Mappa user, Mirpur, what we have created. OK, so this computer, the usability implementation, so let's see what we have done all together. OK, so we have started with creating a brand. It was abstract and we have created three things here, OK? One is in our palm that XML. We have created our version properties, maps, drug dependency and abstract processor plugin. OK, and we went there and then in our idea we have created the user emsley to class, which is nothing, whatever detail class, and then define the variables there, which is like user user data, user name, email address and then role. And then we went back to the fourth step, which is nothing but an abstract Mappa interface mobster map interface we have associated with a direct Mappa. So we have created the interface associated with Mirpur and to satisfy spring dependency injection we have added the component model is called the spring here. We have created our map, for instance, here first to initialize our mapper and then we have created over user data. User to user data will matter. One method and the list of users to list of user data was one more method defined those methods. And finally, when we have an issue related to mappings, when there are different names in our database, how to map it, we have seen multiple mappings, how we are going to do it. This is about the user, Mappa. We went back to our map struct controller and using the user map we have called. Our methods are defined in our user map, but user Mapplethorpe method defined in our use of mapper and input we have provided using our user repository. Those were converted and then when we access to via Posman. So if you see the data, we got the successful results in the same way when we done the get usability, we got the successful results. So this completes the map struct implementation and doing okay. So now our final step. Our final step is to check in the code and then push the code. So let me do that now. So I are good staging. So bring all these things to the stage changes and I will say. Map first, come it right and then I'll take it and then push, so it's going to create a 10 zero two brand, you know, remote also. So, Stuart, let me click on finish. So it is pushing it. Let it complete, Auchincloss, So now let me minimize this global perspective and then go to other remote and then see that we have opened the door to the device, OK? So now another thing is we have completer this data transformation section, which means we need to push our quartermaster also. So let me check out with Mark. Let me start the day with him. Close all these things, close tabs, close all tabs here. OK, so check out as master, OK, and then let's. Not to the master Blanchot, 10 zero to right, 10 zero two latest, OK? It's probably just an abstract. So I imagine limiting this to. My master, so which means if I see a file, refresh Swayne, my master, it should be there. So let's wait for a while. File reflash. So, you know, a local master plan to have the maps tracked first to gains. That looks good. So then we'll put this branch to our remote, right. Nothing but a remote master also should be in sync. Right. So I'll push your OK. So now let me push it. So successful in the remote master, if you see Napster first, come it, so this completes our complete data transformations section. OK, so data transfer objects section. OK, so in the next section we look on a different topic. . Thank you. 