### Step 81. Step-05: MapStruct Configuration Setup.md
Welcome back. In this lecture, we're going to create a new good brand using idee, and we're going to update the problematic symbol with necessary dependencies for map abstract. And we're going to also create user data for plasticware, for map implementation. So all these three things we are going to implement in this respect lecture. So let's go back to the core steps which we have defined here. So let's start with 13 zero Springboot. That is an abstract brand creation. So let me go to the idea. So let me go here. If I see here, I have the model map. But OK, so those changes computer and then we have committed the code. Let me close all these things so we create a new branch from Model Mapper because that is the latest road. So I'll send you create a branch and then I'll see 10 to spring. But it was my abstract implementation. I said finish and then continue. Right. So I'll stop this and then restart once I read all the plan that simultaneous are completed because it is going to add new job files and then if you forget to restart it, then we will have multiple issues. So let me stop it, OK. So now we have checked out the map struct. Branch, so let me go back to over Java, right, Java perspective, so our first step is to go and update the plan that simultaneous. So the first thing is add properties, right. So let me copy this and go to the. Thrombotic Semon. And what I'll do is the first thing is to add the properties so I already have the Java property here, so let me put the cursor here and then paste it. Right. So let me remove these things, OK? Why? Because. Yeah, so now we have added the maps clipped version and also the map and plug in version. OK, so might be three eight one not there. Let me see your Katmai to another, but we'll see how it goes. OK, so the next is at the dependancy maps track dependancy. We can see our maps checked and maps to for Kate and the Russian it is going to pick from our properties folder. Right. So let me copy this and paste it at the end of dependencies. So we added earlier model maps. So now we are adding. Mobster dependancy. So we completed the maps that dependency. Currently we have in the plug ins area, we have a Springboot and plug in only one plug in, right. So we are going to add one more plug in, which is required forever, which is nothing but the abstract processor plug in. OK, so I will take this and then copy it and then. I will put in terms of Kesari. The culture are here and then pierced it, so now I have added the more abstract plugin also. So let me save it. So if you see here for the Malvin plugin, it is throwing the right thing that we have already managed to create one firmament plugin. OK, so I'll say. So and this, in a sense, like the Russian declaration, OK, and then say, OK, so that's good. So let me go back to our steps now so I have complete change. One change to and then change. Three, change. One is our properties. So this property is irrelevant for us, not currently change to some abstract, which is nothing but the abstract dependency we added. And the change today is an abstract process plugin. Also, we have added successfully. So now the next step is to create user dual class. So let's go ahead and then create that. OK, so let's go back to the idea and then in the detail section, we have user.md
T, so we are going to create a new class user in this video. It is more abstract that you write. So we are going to say. Robert. Long U.S. lady and private string username, and we also discovered that we are going to add a mapping annotation when we are implementing the map interface so that e-mail address in detail will be mapped to e-mailing our existing user site user entity. So I'll see private string. al-Saadi says e-mail address. OK, so we have defined the three fields here. So in this respect to the two object, so I'm going to gender equality getters and setters, right. So select all getters and then generate them. So I will also generate. OK, no argument. Constructor so constructed using full time generating. No, I will also generate no argument constructor. So let me do that now. Right. So here I am and then source and then construct them from superclass, right, dendrite, remove these things, OK, and then save this. OK, so in this lecture, what we have done, just to reiterate what we have done, so we have done three things. So one is we have created a branch required for this master. We have made the problem that simultaneous three changes in that one is adding the properties with Martian's and adding more abstract dependency and then adding more abstract process plugin. Finally, in the step three, we have created the user Nativo plus required for master implementation. So we have ensured that here the string e-mail address is with a different name here because in that user we have the name that email so that we can use the mapping annotation and even test the mapping annotation so that.
