### Step 79. Step-03: Implement Methods using ModelMapper.md
Welcome back. In this lecture, we're going to create a bit of a layer with the user class and we're also going to work on the country level by creating a new controllable user model Malpas controller and define the model metallurgic there and then test everything and then come out and push the code. So if you see these are the detailed steps which you going to implement. So first thing is to create a user. Remember that you class. OK, so let me go back to the idea. And here I'll see in the main package area services science class and the name is user name. And in the package we're sort of created create this bracket and then it will create the user and then it you'll let me finish this. OK, so now we have the video. So if I see here in our existing entities, we have the user. Right. So in the user you can see that we have a user, 80 user name, first name, last name, a lot of stuff. OK, so far this respected model matter demonstration will just try to use user and user name. So I'll go and then say private long user lady named. Private string username, so undescended the Gators inciters required for this source generate getters and setters and then select all them gentled. So this completes our. Digital creation, OK? So now we'll move on to the next step. So the next step is to create a new country. Let me introduce user model, map controller. Right. So let me come here. So. Right, so here we can see the controllers new plus and then created Model Noppen controllers. So as usual, we need to define it as it must controller come and shift to implode. And we'll also see request mapping. Right. And then request mapping. We are going to say that as a model mapper slash uses. So that is going to be our context and. You've to import our package. So that said, OK, so now what we are going to do is incorporate user controller and bring the the operating stuff, OK? So our primary automatic thing is use service. OK, so let me get that and then put it here, OK. So now we'll go to the same user controller and then go down and then we'll find our data useable by the method. So we we're going to implement and then test using this respective service. OK, so I'll come here and then copy this. So if you see here. So I believe you can even define the model Nabatean, this aspect, the standard development patterns. OK, so we need to define our model map related business logic in our service layer. Right, so that when you are learning and then referencing the code, you need to reference in multiple places to understand. So just to ensure better things should be easier than understanding. So I'm glad that you're defining it in the country layer. So what I'll do is I'll just remove this and then I'll also try catch block everything here, OK? So and then I'll say from user surveys that we are going to get the user. So I'd say user user is equal to this. So we start good use already. So it says watching the type of the user to use an optional right. So I'll change the variable name also to use that optional right. So now let's implement the exception. Handling for this user is not found. Okay, so let's complete that first. So user optional dot is present, OK. So if not optional, that is pleasant. So let's see. Theroux's new user, not fond exception, and you can also see user, not font. OK, so that's good. This one, this looks good. OK, so also add that to the declaration here, it was a not for an exception. So now let's go back and then retrieve that user. Exactly what user object from that user optional. So user user is equal to user optional dot that will give us the user. So now let's move on to implementing the model mapper. Right. Model number, which means like converting the object from existing user to user dateable. So Bueso, what we need to do is first thing is to map a model. Mappa yet. Right. So model. Mappers. Come and shift to import and also. Of what? OK, so now what we'll do is we'll see you a little. User data is equal to more than a product map, right, and we need to provide our source and destination right. So my source is going to be on this user, right. From user to I'm mapping it back to their destinations. Destination is user data about. Plus, OK, so come on, you've got to import the user, did you write? So we don't have a user data. All right, so we have implemented user.md
T well, OK, so let me also give the same OK, and then import that package so it literally nothing but. Admiral Napperby to object, OK, so that's good. So I'll also say, here you go, sir, I'm OK. So now we have completed the conversion so next year to return that flight. So return you, sir, and get you right. And when we're returning. Obviously, this wouldn't happen through there because here it is optional. So let's fix that, OK, so we can fix it. Your team method written by user random Nativo. OK, so this completes our model, my personal conversion. So it's only Holomisa and he had lines on the right, so only one line. So it says that. More than a map of that map and provide the source and the destination sources are the subject and the destination is Richard Metuchen with that is nothing but user data, a dot glass. So that's all. So it's only a one lane to convert from. You said to him, did you also let me save this and then let me start our application? So as we have added the new package named the map model mapper, already aware of our American, that in start date we need to ensure that we to restart that one so that new job files will be reflected right when we added when we do any changes to the bomb and we add new libraries. OK, so that's one thing. OK, so if you forget this again, you'll be troubleshooting with different details there. So that's the thing. So now we have started it and we'll go back to. Posman. OK, so I'll create a new format for this, OK, so add that here and I'll say the four leaders meeting was that so create. Let me minimize this. So in divorce, I'll create a new request, so the request name is. Giddap. User. By I.D. and with the map. Right, so safe to do so. Let me minimize this. We don't need this and this is the one and I'll say localist and what we're going to say here. Model Mappa slash user slash one zero one mark and then send it. OK, so we've got the response, you can see it here. So you've got one of musical Chiaretti. So if you see here, it is the same thing, right? So whatever. No. Let me open our user.md
T, so we have defined the things you wrote in the user name and then we got the same. So let me add one more here. OK, so private string, Alsi first name, Adonal. Right. So. And then also had the excellent getters and setters, OK, so set the tone and then generate blood and then save it. So we have saved it. Now let's go back to our postman, so we've got my first name also. That's all. So which means now we really don't need to change anything at the entity level in the sense like any changes to the core entity where we have multiple services exposed. Right. It's going to be a big thing from development effort, perspective and then testing and then talking to the people. But if you see if you are going to change it, respectability, which means like this picture of you like this respect data, all the data will be used for only Swayne. So get all the service out, get ABC service or whatever it is. Right. So now if you change that data, then you need to test only that respect to service zero breakage. But if you change the entertainment entity is exposed for the services directly, then you need to do all testing for that entity with all the services integrated with that. So like this, there are multiple things come into the picture if you don't use the data is not only from security but from a maintenance perspective. To solve it is to use the tools. So that citizen is I have of this also like other types of data, will mappers be available in the market and then how people are using it. I just read those two things in other quotes. So let's also add one more. Right. So we have something called orders, right? So let's add that and see what happens. So list. Provide a list and then it is order and orders. OK, come on, shift o entity orders and NWT list, let me say this and then here, let me add that getters and setters for the orders so that in order to deploy along too many S. we have either the orders in our user entity. Right. So we are mapping that here in the B2 object and then see what happens. OK, I select orders and then generate. So we have generated the waters and certain flood orders. So let's go back here. So we can see we got the response back. OK, so I'll see one zero and I got the response was that it was an embarrassment. And also the orders. So if that's all OK. So more than that, it is going to be pretty easy to implement and we're going to get whatever we want from data was perspective. So now another important thing here is like whatever I know, it's like when the very, very complex scenarios I have heard that people are having issues and then they are slowly migrating to abstract. OK, so what is the very latest and with which auto generates everything? OK, so we really don't need to worry about the multiple things there. OK, so let's see how it is going to go in our next section, ok. So, but it's our chance to use that model, my partner or my stepdad, whatever we want in the market, multiple things are available, but these two are in a high trending area. So that's the reason I have included these things in our courts. So we have completed the complete changes related to. Model Maponya. So what we need to do as a lasting so we just need to go to good staging view here and then. Push them here and then say so, um, uh. Model Mirpur first comit. Come out and push. So this will continue the branch you never. GitHub repositories tax simplification, springboard building blocks, and this project is exclusively dedicated for this cause. So and then are integrating it with our Ballymun at an incremental manner. So which means any time you can check out this list, but to brand and then test it or the tester features whatever we have implemented and then understand those things. So I'll click on next and then click on Finish Load. So it's pushing it. So we have completed our commitment and then push step, so I'll see you in the next lecture in the next section with our map step implementation for the date was so. . Thank you. 
