### Step 78. Step-02: ModelMapper Configuration Setup.md
Welcome back. In this lecture, we are going to create a new good brand using idea and then add model, no dependency, no problem, but axman and then define that model Mathabane inner conflict. So these three steps we are going to implement in this respect lecture. So let's go back to the idea. You know, so we have already seen a lot of steps, whatever required further these three things, one is branched out. So if you see here, so you need to create a branch with nine 10 zero one, sprinkled it with model Malpaso. Let me go to the idea and let me go to the get perspective. Right. So and then in the branches so far, we have completed to do some use, which is zero nine zero three. So and then it is in the same level. Right. So if you see the master in 1987, three one nine four four is the code you can see here. OK, so now I can create a branch from Master stating 10 zero one Springboot to this model mapper. Good. So I created in the local what checked out. So I'll go to the general perspective now and then I the next step is to implement that XML. Right. So let me copy the dependency. If you see here the dependency or that model, mapper the group. And then I perfected his model method. And I want to be like the latest version is three fourths of you are using the same putrefy version. No. So let me copy this and then go back to undertake a similar project or kespin the building blocks. Let me make it bigger and I'll go down. And after this, what started this dialogue at the end so that we don't have any issues. So. Let me say it, OK, so rather than dependency, let me go back to our steps, so now we are going to convert the modern Napperby, right? So which means we are going to create a class package config and then add conflict class. And then they just added model Mathabane with it. That had been annotation. So what I'll do is I'll go here. I minimize this. You go to source main Java, I'll go to stack, simplify the services here. Right, click new class. Right and lasciviousness. What I'm saying is I'm going to create a package named. Config, right in config package. What I'm going to create is my model Mirpur config so I can say that you and I have configured I can even say model Mirpur config, so I'll set up config, OK? And then I click on Finish. So my app config file, God created light. So anything configurations in spring we need to annotated with configuration related threat configuration. So coumarin shift in our makk to improve the package. So finally now we need to create a building for model Malpaso al-Said Public Model Mirpur. Model Mappin. And I'm going to return the same. OK, so come on. You've got to import the model mapper so we can see here that model, my product model, Napperby imported. So I'll return. And new model. Mappa now let annotated with a direct beam and then come, you have to put the bean related package. So let me save it. OK, so this completes our app configuration. So the first three steps, which is creating the good plan and then updating the Pontotoc Saiman and also updating the creating the config package and then config file for our model Mappa and then reinstalling the beam. So in the next lecture will focus on other steps. 
