### Step 106. Step-00: Introduction to SpringBoot Micrometer.md
Welcome back.

In this lecture, we are going to understand and implement Springboard Micrometer, so Micrometer is

the Matrix collection facility, including Spring Bapu's actuator.

Micrometer is a dimensional first matrix collection facher, whose aim is to allow us to time current

and gods, our corporate vendor neutral API.

So to talk more about this vendor neutral API.

So this micrometer will be able to integrate with any type of monitoring application.

So it's not that we'll be able to integrate with one or two monitoring applications, will see the list

of monitoring applications.

We'll be able to integrate and push.

All of our metrics are generated by the Springbroot application and that's a very good feature.

Both men slept through class, but in consideration, we can just select one of several monitoring systems

to export other metrics data so we can even send to one or even multiple metric end points so we can

send for all of them, which means like a dinosaur race or a class, or if we have multiple monitoring

systems, we will be able to send the metrics to all of them.

So how many of you configure that much?

So next year?

It is again simple.

Just one config file and then one property file, one or two properties, and then we'll be able to

make the changes.

And additionally, it also has been back to older versions of Spring one, that 504 and then one that

triggered the addition of another dependancy.

So it's not the micrometer dependency, but we have a different micrometer, additional dependency available

for porting back to older versions.

Yes, Cindy micrometer timer is capable of producing time series related to property total time, maximum

latency of recent samples, pre computed percentiles, percentile histograms and SLA boundary.

So all these things, OK, are a lot of features will be able to see using this micrometer time as OK.

And we are going to see a few things in real time.

We're going to integrate this micrometer with our A game console, which will be available in our local

servers.

And also we're going to create one more trial account on solariums, APAP pixel product, and then we're

going to push this matrix and also see those.

And then we're going to generate some dashboards.

And then in the dashboard, we are going to generate a few graphs and then also view them.

So we'll see all those things in our upcoming lectures, but that the change to the micrometer, the

result of a desire to better serve a game of dimensional monitoring systems.

This these lines have Buckett from springboards, documentation about the importance of this micrometer

and then how we are going to use it.

OK, so it's like I felt when I'm explaining about it, like I'm very happy.

So to know that, OK, we have one feature named Micrometer which can collect the Matrix and then push

to multiple sources for monitoring applications.

So pick your choice.

There are almost like 15 to 18 months of products available and for any of the monitoring product,

I'll be able to send the data.

So which means our possibilities rate increased, which from springwater perspective.

So when we are building the service and springboard so we can say that from Matrix perspective, I am

happy.

Well, what is your monitoring tool or this one Springwood supports so all major providers.

It has maximum support for maximum monitoring tools.

So let's see what all those Spring boot enabling us to choose one.

That's what I'm saying.

You're saying the same thing here.

Springboard is enabling us to choose one or more monitoring system to use today and change our mind

later as our needs change without requiring it.

Levator for custom metrics, instrumentation.

So this is the documentation you have put out here for your reference micrometer that I was Nasdaq's

so.

If time permits, you can even go through those things whenever required, so monitoring systems supported

by.

Micrometer all these things, so if you see here, haptics in blue, jambox in blue and simple in memory,

Bakary back and used as fall-back option.

So these things we are going to look into in our next lecture's, but it also supports a class about

by with elastic canula.

Graphite Homeo inflects in STONA careers may be neurally and Prometheus signal effects start the engine

for your friend.

So it's a good amount of tools it supports.

And it's not that it only supports on premise.

Data is like a it's an SAS solution.

Dominatrices solution elastically supporting US local right and humoral graphite is a solution as far

as I'm aware.

OK, so new remixer solutions.

Tincknell effects solution, wavefront solution.

So like this, it also supports the solutions, which means it will be able to push the metrics to the

source solutions also.

So that's about the beauty of implementation, about the micrometer.

So if we go for the implementation steps, as usual, we are going to create our standard grandiflora

micrometer, an actual implementation, and we are going to add a micrometer dependancy for metrics

and metrics using simple in-memory back and look, which is nothing but just the metrics point.

So metrics and point currently, whatever is their access, the default in memory back and so that we

are able to see the metrics.

So we run the test and then keep watching them and then see that OK, and integrate the same mix and

view metrics in the concern so they can solve nothing.

But as part of a dedicated chipset, will open the concert and can see in the next area in the area

one specific one, which is nothing but metrics folder and delmonte, all the all the metrics are available

deadman's like all metrics are available there and then within the traffic, both keeps changing.

So we are monitoring that mix.

But these things are monitoring, right.

We don't have any persistent data.

So that's the reason.

I also want to demonstrate one more brewskis where we see the persistent things like our data is Parchester

there?

And then we'll be able to generate the graphs and all those things for that purpose.

What I've done is like I have integrated it with our expert metrics and view metrics in other popchips,

which is nothing better.

So Ludwigs product so.

We'll go ahead and implement all these steps, so they'll perform the steps using postmen collection

and finally will come and then push the caller I.D. so to see the steps from the school perspective.

So here are these steps to bring you back to.

Then micrometer implementation will create our Springboard Actuator Micrometer branch and will implement

two, three and then four.

What we discuss are just not all the steps we are going to implement step by step now.



.

Thank you.


### Step 107. Step-01: Add Micrometer Dependency to pom.xml.md
Welcome back.

In this lecture, we are going to create a new get branch, OK, and then add the micrometer dependancy

for our metrics and view metrics using simple in-memory backing.

So let's go ahead and do that now.

So this is my branch copy.

Let me go to my application and go to the get perspective.

Right.

And we'll copy the same previous section that is putting Springbroot back together and create a new

branch here.

Why?

Because we still didn't model changes to our.

Master, right, so create a branch and save for Springwood actuator and then micrometer right, so

finish.

So, yes, our application is running.

I'm fine with that.

So continue.

Right.

So for Springboard, actual micrometer is up now.

So let me go here and then open my palm vertex and I'll make it bigger, go to my rescored steps.

So if you see here at micrometer dependancy for Matrix, so micrometer core is the dependancy name and

its current version is one that provides zero.

So which we are going to use it now.

Right.

So let me copy this.

Right.

Micrometer Code 1.0 2.0.

We are copying it and pasted in our.

Thrombotic Cemal.

Let me save this right.

It's served, OK, so any changes to the point that we need to stop our JPM flight?

So let me stop it first.

What I do is I also stop asking what I mean, which is not needed for us.

Right.

So let me stop that, OK?

So let me come back here and then stop all this one.

Also, Springwood building blocks.

OK, so both we have stop now.

OK, so let me start the Springwood building blocks back.

So it came online.

We don't have any issues minor.

Yeah, that's fine, OK.

To our actuator, to our health, you are all you are allowed to administer what is done so it's not

able to register.

So that is fine for us, right.

So now let me go back here and copy a lot of the metrics and points.

OK, so we'll see if you remember back.

And it will always be a fallback option, which means it will be lesson by default, a visible state.

If you want, we can enable or by default, it will be inevitable if you are not using any other features

here, which means like all these are nothing but features.

Right.

Pointing over metrics, things to multiple sources.

Right.

It's all multiple features.

Some more features related to pointing to metrics is put in our application that properties by default

disrespectable in memory back and will be happy.

But as soon as I go ahead and then enable something like management metrics expert Max enabled automatically,

this will be the visible state in memory, Bakan.

OK, so what we can do now is like we can go to other metrics and point here and conclude, let me close

this.

OK.

All these are not needed.

Right.

So let me close this close.

This close this.

OK.

And what happened?

OK, so what we'll do is like that's the issue with the WP.

What we call that respect for property is not shown here, and then it raw there.

OK.

So what I will do is like it is here, OK?

So we can copy this and then pasted here.

Right.

And then say, yeah.

So these are the statistics.

Right.

For that.

So there might be some typo issue there, but that's fine.

So now these are his GDP requests in the same way we can also see process.

Fine, Sopan, right?

So we'll see this process files open, so this is from simply memory back and right.

So currently we are seeing 125.

I'll go to my collection dinner and then I will run it.

OK, so before running it, what I want to do is I just want to.

Yeah, I did it right.

So how do I edited it, so I'll say it again.

And I'll try to put the hydration says thousand, OK, and then I will donate if your system is our

system, which in the sense like my mark is currently with 16 GB.

So when I'm running this thousand requests and 5000 requests, it is able to sustain.

But if you are a machine is like for Gibeah or something, and then when you're trying it might hang

up.

So just be careful when you are running it.

OK, so maybe you have any other data and say what data might be lost.

OK, so I just want to let you know.

So run.

And then it started running now so let me go here.

Currently it is 125 miles open so let me see, it's one 27.

So like this it keeps changing.

So this is nothing but the in-memory back and up means like the in-memory back on paper for capturing

the data.

So whenever we start the day, the model will go away anyway.

OK, so I just want to let you know I need you not persistent right anywhere.

So that's about this simple.

So now we'll move on to the next step with the day mix.

So from Max perspective, we'll discuss in detail in our next lecture.



.

Thank you.


### Step 108. Step-02: Integrate with JMX and view metrics in JConsole.md
Welcome back.

This lecture we're going to integrate with Jane Mix and biometrics in control using mix.

So let's see the detailed steps in our vehicle.

Right.

So we are going to add a dependency named micrometer registry, Jane Mix.

So for every source, whatever we have from monitoring perspective, whatever we discuss at right.

Close to 15 monitoring tools.

Right.

For every Saltsman's like for every destination, whatever we have from source, we need to have the

equivalent of Jodrell available for us and dependency, which means if it is a class or class related,

dependency will be there if it is data about data dependency.

Diana, Tracy, Diana, trace the letter dependency.

So like this, we have so reliable Jane mix dependency now, so that will be able to export metrics.

OK, well Jim X-Rite.

So let me go back to the idea and let's add the dependency.

So we are adding multiple dependencies.

We can even have the version added at the properties level.

But here.

But it can out at the property level, but Fatna, believe it.

OK, so let me save this.

OK, and once we see it, next thing is to stop it and then started it.

So let me.

Start back over.

Up.

Now, the next thing is to add up to a mix property management board metrics, not expert, but mix

and enabled is true, right?

So let me add that here.

Right.

So I'll to mix export.

Metrics and then also management metrics, not expert that day makes that inability true.

Let me save this right.

Good.

So now next in Story, we need to go to our terminal, OK, so.

In terminal, you need to go to.

We'll here and then we'll see.

All right, let me open the gate console.

So now council is opening, so in this the application is spoonbill building blocks.

OK, so let me search for the process here.

This is the one that comes to simplify the services, Springwood building blocks.

So let me conclude that insecure connection.

That is fine.

So I have made it bigger.

So let's go to the ambience here.

And you can see here the Matrix area.

So before the expert, you will not find this only after adding this.

Expert right after adding this property management partner, QuickStart, expert chair that attainable.

So if we enable this, then we'll get this matrix folder.

And in this matrix folder, we can see all the metrics, whatever we have seen.

And then additional metrics also will see in that year, Max, or whatever we have not seen from other

metrics at a certain point.

OK, so we can see all these things here.

We can go to Gillian Triggs life and then click on Attribute so you can see how it is currently 37.

Right.

So you can go and then retry this and then it keeps running now so you can go up and then see and then

it keeps changing these things.

OK, so.

Thirty six, you can see right now, so it's like whatever we have exported the Matrix, those are coming

to our consultants, like to the where we are able to view them in the console.

That's about the.

The next part of our.

S. OK, so we have seen the DeviantArt slide, which are altering after running the best here, right?

So in the next lecture, we'll focus on AB optics, which is a solution, and then we're going to explore

the metrics there and then watch them like we are also going to create our dashboards and then everything

there.

OK, so I already created a troll account and I'll show you how to create it now, but I will use my

telecon directly there.

.

Thank you.


### Step 109. Step-03: Integrate with AppOptics to export metrics and View metrics in AppOptic.md
Welcome back.

In this lecture, we're going to integrate with our ADAPTIX to export metrics and viewing metrics in

our politics SOLAMENTE product.

So let's go ahead and do that now.

So fustiness as usual, we'll go to work.

We can do all the dependancy steps from our Springwood application perspective.

Later, Crossfield hope that our public statement committee trial yuzu right.

So if I go here and then access the airport X.com.

But.

So mostly I have the account, so, OK, so you can see it here, start free trial here.

OK, so I let have the country took me inside, but ideally it should take you to the login page where

you can now.

Ministration page where you can register, so in Incognegro, you know, I'm showing you.

So e-mail and then name, password and all this information, you argue, and then it will be we'll

get immediately the access.

OK, so once we login, what we need to do is we need to go to the settings area so and then go to the

app firkins and tokens will generate a token and we can use some name here.

OK.

So I can see the kid talking to.

Right.

And I can see from access to my thing.

OK, so you can see the card only out you only.

Right for me it is not right for the card metrics and you need to record only.

Right.

So but I give full access for me.

OK, so I get full access and then the booking.

So then once the token is generated it will show the details of the tokens.

So we need to copy this token and then come back to our application.

So and then update the Nevada application for management metrics.

Dot dot optronics that I pay token.

So here we need to update our broken information.

So let me copy this and then come here and I will say.

Apple picks looking quite so, and you can copy our book in here, so I'm using my existing book in

here.

OK, so I can create a new one.

Anything is fine, so.

I will use it again, and you should be able to call this inner conflict controller, whatever they

want to show that, so next is to go and then update our dependency rate.

So micrometer registry app.

So we are going to add disrespectable dependency.

So let's go to the idea, you know.

And the public's dependency.

OK, good.

Let me save this.

OK, stop it.

And then started.

But so the next step is to create a monitoring config file by reference documentation for APAP topics

conflict.

So we are going to create a configuration file for us so we can refer that directly and then copy paste

the computer that respectably in here directly.

Right.

So this is the bill which we need to create it.

OK, so this bill, we can take it and then copied and pasted.

OK, so that means, first of all, the class name called monitoring config.

Okay, no conflicts package, OK.

So if you see here in overapplication in the config we already have app config swagga configurator so

we'll create one more config here.

OK.

So I'll a class file and then same monitoring config.

OK, so now I have the monitoring config.

So I'm telling the spring this is a configuration file.

So what should I do.

Alsi configuration annotated with configuration and then come command shift.

OK or tried to input and then we'll go to the documentation and then copy this.

Complete details.

Right.

So let me make it bigger.

Good, so.

Come on, shift how to import.

So here I am about micrometer that instrument, that clock good so far, also from iRobot, micrometer

like Finnish.

So whatever we have imported, we imported from, I will not micrometer packages only.

So one last thing is to provide token here.

Either we can bring the token from our properties and then capturing then Hagood here.

We can give the directo details here.

So I'll copy and then get the token directly and then put it here.

OK, so Kabita Clipboard and in double quotes, I put the token here for now.

OK, so this is for testing, writing regular things like we will be finding applications at properties

and then OK, the value will define the variable and then do all those things and then provide it here.

OK, for now we'll send it directly, ok.

So let me save this, ok.

So when I save it we should be good now.

Right.

So what I'll do now is like I'll stop and then start my application.

Springwood app.

Right, so one failure will be there that is related to our.

Disrespectful thing, whatever we have defined here, right, which is related to administrative care,

so we can even comment those things, but really this is a one word admin server, we can disable these

things.

But Libertopia.

So that's not a big deal.

So let's go back to our escort and then we can see here we have reached out to the JPM and then completed

the integration of our properties to the metrics thing.

OK, so in the next lecture will go ahead and perform the tests and then create the dashboards and then

all those things.

.

Thank you.


### Step 110. Step-04: Verify Metrics in AppOptics and Create Metrics Dashboards.md