### Step 109. Step-03: Integrate with AppOptics to export metrics and View metrics in AppOptic.md
Welcome back. In this lecture, we're going to integrate with our ADAPTIX to export metrics and viewing metrics in our politics SOLAMENTE product. So let's go ahead and do that now. So fustiness as usual, we'll go to work. We can do all the dependancy steps from our Springboot application perspective. Later, Crossfield hope that our public statement committee trial yuzu right. So if I go here and then access the airport X.com. But. So mostly I have the account, so, OK, so you can see it here, start free trial here. OK, so I let have the country took me inside, but ideally it should take you to the login page where you can now. Ministration page where you can register, so in Incognegro, you know, I'm showing you. So e-mail and then name, password and all this information, you argue, and then it will be we'll get immediately the access. OK, so once we login, what we need to do is we need to go to the settings area so and then go to the app firkins and tokens will generate a token and we can use some name here. OK. So I can see the kid talking to. Right. And I can see from access to my thing. OK, so you can see the card only out you only. Right for me it is not right for the card metrics and you need to record only. Right. So but I give full access for me. OK, so I get full access and then the booking. So then once the token is generated it will show the details of the tokens. So we need to copy this token and then come back to our application. So and then update the Nevada application for management metrics. Dot dot optronics that I pay token. So here we need to update our broken information. So let me copy this and then come here and I will say. Apple picks looking quite so, and you can copy our book in here, so I'm using my existing book in here. OK, so I can create a new one. Anything is fine, so. I will use it again, and you should be able to call this inner conflict controller, whatever they want to show that, so next is to go and then update our dependency rate. So micrometer registry app. So we are going to add disrespectable dependency. So let's go to the idea, you know. And the public's dependency. OK, good. Let me save this. OK, stop it. And then started. But so the next step is to create a monitoring config file by reference documentation for APAP topics conflict. So we are going to create a configuration file for us so we can refer that directly and then copy paste the computer that respectably in here directly. Right. So this is the bill which we need to create it. OK, so this bill, we can take it and then copied and pasted. OK, so that means, first of all, the class name called monitoring config. Okay, no conflicts package, OK. So if you see here in overapplication in the config we already have app config swagga configurator so we'll create one more config here. OK. So I'll a class file and then same monitoring config. OK, so now I have the monitoring config. So I'm telling the spring this is a configuration file. So what should I do. Alsi configuration annotated with configuration and then come command shift. OK or tried to input and then we'll go to the documentation and then copy this. Complete details. Right. So let me make it bigger. Good, so. Come on, shift how to import. So here I am about micrometer that instrument, that clock good so far, also from iRobot, micrometer like Finnish. So whatever we have imported, we imported from, I will not micrometer packages only. So one last thing is to provide token here. Either we can bring the token from our properties and then capturing then Hagood here. We can give the directo details here. So I'll copy and then get the token directly and then put it here. OK, so Kabita Clipboard and in double quotes, I put the token here for now. OK, so this is for testing, writing regular things like we will be finding applications at properties and then OK, the value will define the variable and then do all those things and then provide it here. OK, for now we'll send it directly, ok. So let me save this, ok. So when I save it we should be good now. Right. So what I'll do now is like I'll stop and then start my application. Springboot app. Right, so one failure will be there that is related to our. Disrespectful thing, whatever we have defined here, right, which is related to administrative care, so we can even comment those things, but really this is a one word admin server, we can disable these things. But Libertopia. So that's not a big deal. So let's go back to our escort and then we can see here we have reached out to the JPM and then completed the integration of our properties to the metrics thing. OK, so in the next lecture will go ahead and perform the tests and then create the dashboards and then all those things. . Thank you.  