### Step 106. Step-00: Introduction to SpringBoot Micrometer.md
Welcome back.  In this lecture, we are going to understand and implement Springboot Micrometer, so Micrometer is the Matrix collection facility, including Spring Bapu's actuator. Micrometer is a dimensional first matrix collection facher, whose aim is to allow us to time current and gods, our corporate vendor neutral API. So to talk more about this vendor neutral API. So this micrometer will be able to integrate with any type of monitoring application. So it's not that we'll be able to integrate with one or two monitoring applications, will see the list of monitoring applications. We'll be able to integrate and push. All of our metrics are generated by the Springboot application and that's a very good feature. Both men slept through class, but in consideration, we can just select one of several monitoring systems to export other metrics data so we can even send to one or even multiple metric end points so we can send for all of them, which means like a dinosaur race or a class, or if we have multiple monitoring systems, we will be able to send the metrics to all of them. So how many of you configure that much? So next year? It is again simple. Just one config file and then one property file, one or two properties, and then we'll be able to make the changes. And additionally, it also has been back to older versions of Spring one, that 504 and then one that triggered the addition of another dependancy. So it's not the micrometer dependency, but we have a different micrometer, additional dependency available for porting back to older versions. Yes, Cindy micrometer timer is capable of producing time series related to property total time, maximum latency of recent samples, pre computed percentiles, percentile histograms and SLA boundary. So all these things, OK, are a lot of features will be able to see using this micrometer time as OK. And we are going to see a few things in real time. We're going to integrate this micrometer with our A game console, which will be available in our local servers. And also we're going to create one more trial account on solariums, APAP pixel product, and then we're going to push this matrix and also see those. And then we're going to generate some dashboards. And then in the dashboard, we are going to generate a few graphs and then also view them. So we'll see all those things in our upcoming lectures, but that the change to the micrometer, the result of a desire to better serve a game of dimensional monitoring systems. This these lines have Buckett from Springboots, documentation about the importance of this micrometer and then how we are going to use it. OK, so it's like I felt when I'm explaining about it, like I'm very happy. So to know that, OK, we have one feature named Micrometer which can collect the Matrix and then push to multiple sources for monitoring applications. So pick your choice. There are almost like 15 to 18 months of products available and for any of the monitoring product, I'll be able to send the data. So which means our possibilities rate increased, which from springwater perspective. So when we are building the service and Springboot so we can say that from Matrix perspective, I am happy. Well, what is your monitoring tool or this one Springboot supports so all major providers. It has maximum support for maximum monitoring tools. So let's see what all those Spring boot enabling us to choose one. That's what I'm saying. You're saying the same thing here. Springboot is enabling us to choose one or more monitoring system to use today and change our mind later as our needs change without requiring it. Levator for custom metrics, instrumentation. So this is the documentation you have put out here for your reference micrometer that I was Nasdaq's so. If time permits, you can even go through those things whenever required, so monitoring systems supported by. Micrometer all these things, so if you see here, haptics in blue, jambox in blue and simple in memory, Bakary back and used as fall-back option. So these things we are going to look into in our next lecture's, but it also supports a class about by with elastic canula. Graphite Homeo inflects in STONA careers may be neurally and Prometheus signal effects start the engine for your friend. So it's a good amount of tools it supports. And it's not that it only supports on premise. Data is like a it's an SAS solution. Dominatrices solution elastically supporting US local right and humoral graphite is a solution as far as I'm aware. OK, so new remixer solutions. Tincknell effects solution, wavefront solution. So like this, it also supports the solutions, which means it will be able to push the metrics to the source solutions also. So that's about the beauty of implementation, about the micrometer. So if we go for the implementation steps, as usual, we are going to create our standard grandiflora micrometer, an actual implementation, and we are going to add a micrometer dependancy for metrics and metrics using simple in-memory back and look, which is nothing but just the metrics point. So metrics and point currently, whatever is their access, the default in memory back and so that we are able to see the metrics. So we run the test and then keep watching them and then see that OK, and integrate the same mix and view metrics in the concern so they can solve nothing. But as part of a dedicated chipset, will open the concert and can see in the next area in the area one specific one, which is nothing but metrics folder and delmonte, all the all the metrics are available deadman's like all metrics are available there and then within the traffic, both keeps changing. So we are monitoring that mix. But these things are monitoring, right. We don't have any persistent data. So that's the reason. I also want to demonstrate one more brewskis where we see the persistent things like our data is Parchester there? And then we'll be able to generate the graphs and all those things for that purpose. What I've done is like I have integrated it with our expert metrics and view metrics in other popchips, which is nothing better. So Ludwigs product so. We'll go ahead and implement all these steps, so they'll perform the steps using postmen collection and finally will come and then push the caller I.D. so to see the steps from the school perspective. So here are these steps to bring you back to. Then micrometer implementation will create our Springboot Actuator Micrometer branch and will implement two, three and then four. What we discuss are just not all the steps we are going to implement step by step now. . Thank you.  