
### Step 107. Step-01: Add Micrometer Dependency to pom.xml.md
Welcome back. In this lecture, we are going to create a new get branch, OK, and then add the micrometer dependancy for our metrics and view metrics using simple in-memory backing. So let's go ahead and do that now. So this is my branch copy. Let me go to my application and go to the get perspective. Right. And we'll copy the same previous section that is putting Springboot back together and create a new branch here. Why? Because we still didn't model changes to our. Master, right, so create a branch and save for Springboot actuator and then micrometer right, so finish. So, yes, our application is running. I'm fine with that. So continue. Right. So for Springboot, actual micrometer is up now. So let me go here and then open my palm vertex and I'll make it bigger, go to my rescored steps. So if you see here at micrometer dependancy for Matrix, so micrometer core is the dependancy name and its current version is one that provides zero. So which we are going to use it now. Right. So let me copy this. Right. Micrometer Code 1.0 2.0. We are copying it and pasted in our. Thrombotic Cemal. Let me save this right. It's served, OK, so any changes to the point that we need to stop our JPM flight? So let me stop it first. What I do is I also stop asking what I mean, which is not needed for us. Right. So let me stop that, OK? So let me come back here and then stop all this one. Also, Springboot building blocks. OK, so both we have stop now. OK, so let me start the Springboot building blocks back. So it came online. We don't have any issues minor. Yeah, that's fine, OK. To our actuator, to our health, you are all you are allowed to administer what is done so it's not able to register. So that is fine for us, right. So now let me go back here and copy a lot of the metrics and points. OK, so we'll see if you remember back. And it will always be a fallback option, which means it will be lesson by default, a visible state. If you want, we can enable or by default, it will be inevitable if you are not using any other features here, which means like all these are nothing but features. Right. Pointing over metrics, things to multiple sources. Right. It's all multiple features. Some more features related to pointing to metrics is put in our application that properties by default disrespectable in memory back and will be happy. But as soon as I go ahead and then enable something like management metrics expert Max enabled automatically, this will be the visible state in memory, Bakan. OK, so what we can do now is like we can go to other metrics and point here and conclude, let me close this. OK. All these are not needed. Right. So let me close this close. This close this. OK. And what happened? OK, so what we'll do is like that's the issue with the WP. What we call that respect for property is not shown here, and then it raw there. OK. So what I will do is like it is here, OK? So we can copy this and then pasted here. Right. And then say, yeah. So these are the statistics. Right. For that. So there might be some typo issue there, but that's fine. So now these are his GDP requests in the same way we can also see process. Fine, Sopan, right? So we'll see this process files open, so this is from simply memory back and right. So currently we are seeing 125. I'll go to my collection dinner and then I will run it. OK, so before running it, what I want to do is I just want to. Yeah, I did it right. So how do I edited it, so I'll say it again. And I'll try to put the hydration says thousand, OK, and then I will donate if your system is our system, which in the sense like my mark is currently with 16 GB. So when I'm running this thousand requests and 5000 requests, it is able to sustain. But if you are a machine is like for Gibeah or something, and then when you're trying it might hang up. So just be careful when you are running it. OK, so maybe you have any other data and say what data might be lost. OK, so I just want to let you know. So run. And then it started running now so let me go here. Currently it is 125 miles open so let me see, it's one 27. So like this it keeps changing. So this is nothing but the in-memory back and up means like the in-memory back on paper for capturing the data. So whenever we start the day, the model will go away anyway. OK, so I just want to let you know I need you not persistent right anywhere. So that's about this simple. So now we'll move on to the next step with the day mix. So from Max perspective, we'll discuss in detail in our next lecture. . Thank you.  