### Step 108. Step-02: Integrate with JMX and view metrics in JConsole.md
Welcome back. This lecture we're going to integrate with Jane Mix and biometrics in control using mix. So let's see the detailed steps in our vehicle. Right. So we are going to add a dependency named micrometer registry, Jane Mix. So for every source, whatever we have from monitoring perspective, whatever we discuss at right. Close to 15 monitoring tools. Right. For every Saltsman's like for every destination, whatever we have from source, we need to have the equivalent of Jodrell available for us and dependency, which means if it is a class or class related, dependency will be there if it is data about data dependency. Diana, Tracy, Diana, trace the letter dependency. So like this, we have so reliable Jane mix dependency now, so that will be able to export metrics. OK, well Jim X-Rite. So let me go back to the idea and let's add the dependency. So we are adding multiple dependencies. We can even have the version added at the properties level. But here. But it can out at the property level, but Fatna, believe it. OK, so let me save this. OK, and once we see it, next thing is to stop it and then started it. So let me. Start back over. Up. Now, the next thing is to add up to a mix property management board metrics, not expert, but mix and enabled is true, right? So let me add that here. Right. So I'll to mix export. Metrics and then also management metrics, not expert that day makes that inability true. Let me save this right. Good. So now next in Story, we need to go to our terminal, OK, so. In terminal, you need to go to. We'll here and then we'll see. All right, let me open the gate console. So now council is opening, so in this the application is spoonbill building blocks. OK, so let me search for the process here. This is the one that comes to simplify the services, Springboot building blocks. So let me conclude that insecure connection. That is fine. So I have made it bigger. So let's go to the ambience here. And you can see here the Matrix area. So before the expert, you will not find this only after adding this. Expert right after adding this property management partner, QuickStart, expert chair that attainable. So if we enable this, then we'll get this matrix folder. And in this matrix folder, we can see all the metrics, whatever we have seen. And then additional metrics also will see in that year, Max, or whatever we have not seen from other metrics at a certain point. OK, so we can see all these things here. We can go to Gillian Triggs life and then click on Attribute so you can see how it is currently 37. Right. So you can go and then retry this and then it keeps running now so you can go up and then see and then it keeps changing these things. OK, so. Thirty six, you can see right now, so it's like whatever we have exported the Matrix, those are coming to our consultants, like to the where we are able to view them in the console. That's about the. The next part of our. S. OK, so we have seen the DeviantArt slide, which are altering after running the best here, right? So in the next lecture, we'll focus on AB optics, which is a solution, and then we're going to explore the metrics there and then watch them like we are also going to create our dashboards and then everything there. OK, so I already created a troll account and I'll show you how to create it now, but I will use my telecon directly there. . Thank you.  