### Step 105. Step-06: Test the features in SpringBoot Admin Server.md
Welcome back. In this lecture, we are going to test the features in what's being administered, what we are going to verify our features. So let's either step in our yasko. So we are going to see the health and point in point biometrics and point in history. Bootlaces, everything OK? So let me go back to our browser. Right. So if you see the inserts in the details, so this year it primarily populates the Healthpoint so and influent points. So from Hilton point after enabling that thing, whatever details of health, we got the baby information, nothing the database has to. And we also got the disk information right. So 251 Dibia Inventory's 119 GB in the same way. We also got the instances up. So these are the health endpoint details coming from the actuator endpoint mnemba health. These are the important point in the information point we have built. One is big information and the other is that right? So we created hello. We have provided these properties in our application that properties. So those things we are at least seeing them here. So now influent health completed. So we'll have additional metadata and then process information here and also towards information and the memory and then keep all this information will be available in the detail section. So let's move on to the metrics area so we can configure all the metrics, whatever is required for us using this option. OK. Reconnections, Aquatica, reconnections active. And if you see here, I have the GBM threads. Lipe So it is showing 13, OK. So if I run some loops here, I can see more here. So like that process files open 126 currently just now we have seen 125. So like that we can get a lot of information here. And the next is. Environment, right? So but metrics you are able to see here, right? Other than that, nothing, which means you are going to see some information, but there is no graphing. There is no or what we call OK. Clearly seeing and we are only seeing the lack of information. The reason I'm trying to point out these things is in the next lecture we are going to look into micrometer and micrometer integration with genomics and micrometer integration with one more application. Nimda acrobatics, OK. So in the app optics, also, what we are going to do here is. We are going to. Captured the metrics on our application and then send it to our publics and then create the dashboards there. OK, so all those things we are going to see, I'm trying to show the downside of multiple areas. So I got the metrics, information, but how much I can see that means nothing. All these are no metrics. OK, so what can I do? Only I can see only like metric which is consistently changing. So that's what. OK, so in from environment perspective. So we get the environment information here. That's good. OK, and here we can see the base information. So this is nothing. But you write off that the services are for actual points and these are configuration properties which we are able to see here, whatever we have. Right. So config properties then try and try to see all those details so we can see here we can see there's two console pathways to information, all those things. So we don't have any scalable tasks or task and is empty. So next, moving on to the logger's. So as I said earlier, will be able to handle about logger's with whatever the things we want, which means we can enable in for debug tracing. This is one good feature, which means like we can manage. So managing our application features like logging and all those things, we are good feature. So it is like good for managing and not good for Matrix. So something like that. Yes. I'm not saying it is good or bad, but what I'm trying to say is like in some areas it is excelling and then in some areas it is not excelling. So these are the laggards. And then we'll be able to handle like we continue to debug and then we continue to run from here itself. And the next is JVM. So from the union perspective, Jim X-Rite, so all the beans and beans will be able to manage year and then edit and then change the details and then edit and then manage them here. So that's again, one excellent feature, which means we'll be able to handle all the configuration changes here. Right. So this is like trade monitoring and what he will be able to download our dump. Right. And this is trade monitoring. Now, let's go to the is nothing will detainable anything. So we are not getting anything. And from audit logs, we didn't enable anything. So we are not getting anything currently. But if we have something in our application, auditing is enabled, we are going to get it here. Let's go to the web now and see the mapping earlier in our endpoint. Also, we have seen the mappings there. So in addition to all our applications. Right. Hello. Hello. You need user user arioli orders. You can see all the endpoints present in my application. We are getting it here. Right. So if you see this many points we have built so far. Okay, so that's good. So all these things we are seeing here. So now let's come to the history to be tracer's right. So here, whatever the like requests the request and response we can see, OK, how we're going to do that is we have something called in our Posman. So in Posman, I said that some project name I can rename this right. So I can say Springboot building blocks monitor. OK, so monitor is nothing that I'm going to download best. So that's the reason I made the Nimetz monitor and I hope for three requests. Year one is that our users get all our orders for one zero one user and get usability right. And what can I do from postmodernists? I can click on this, add a link here. Right. Or so whatever you are seeing. So let me make it a little bigger. Yeah. So this add a link and I can see are right. This is Control Kaneda Posman. So if I click on this one, it opens the collection to Nazeri Collection Drowner. So this collection, what we are going to do is we can run any number of iterations of these requests. OK, so I can say I can run 400, OK, and when I'm running it, so the details will be displayed here. So I'm sending the request. Hundred requests now. So run Springboot. So let me come here. See you are seeing the request coming here, right. So users, users orders and then everything you are seeing here. Right. So if one zero one I can see the information here. Right. So this is a wopat has to assess what we are able to capture from our application. So, OK, so ideally it's not request response, but basically Petreus details. OK, so what is what method get postman host connection means like request headers and then response headers it is capturing here. So that's about this. OK, so and this is only line which means like once the requests are completed that's all done. So other requests are coming. Only when the requests are running we'll be able to lively watch. But if for example, I can see if our users are something right. So we can capture those things and then see it. But how many? OK, so there is one third of the 150 limites thousand we can even in. It is OK, but all in all, everything is life, there is no persistent part time series data, so that's about this. So we have gone through all the features available in Springboot admin server from inside slugger's the left navigation perspective. Right. So one more is wallboard, right? There's nothing but it's being built. Application will come here back. OK, and another is applications, which we have seen here. And then when there finally it is the German journal. OK, so there is nothing. But this is the place where we are going to track the history of our application. OK, so our application registration updating for changed. OK, whatever happens it will do that, ok. And it also provides the desktop notification. So let me go back to my idea and let me stop my Springboot building blocks application. OK, so I'll go here and then this is the application. Right. Let me stop it. OK, so ideally I should get their desktop notification, so we'll get to it shortly. Oh yeah. It's Topsy Springboot application is now offline. Alright, so let me go there and you can see the application is offline. Instances are down in the journal so you can see our application status changed offline. So this is nothing but the history of our application tracking whatever it is. Yes, OK, but here I don't see how we are going to manage it if 10, 20 applications are there and then it's the I so we can see. But there is no tracking of searching and then finding it. What is its current status are in by instance, are by application, are by time, are by then. We don't see all those things here. OK, so let me also start back our application. OK, so likely that ah so it's a good feature but it's evolving. Furneaux ok so and for small scale and then small business will be able to use it for monitoring Guevarra based Springboot applications. And then in addition to that, if you have multiple instances and then if you want to change the configuration to do something, and those are also only limited from their mix perspective, from logging perspective, you'll be able to change those. And all in all, it is restricted to actual primally. So if I see here, we have completed our testing, but even including there has to be Trace's. So this completes our two sections, which we have focused. One is actually third base and also the spring boot admin server. So in the next lecture or in the next section completely, we are going to focus on Springwater, Micrometer and Actuator in that combination, how we are going to do it. So as we have completed all these things, let's go and then complete our final step. Nothing but commute and passcode via I.D. So let's go back here. And did we make any changes? No. Right. Any additional changes? No. So I'll say our application and that axman, only two files. And the other section of what we discussed is the actuator and then admin server. Right. Actuator. Admin server first come into light, so let me comment and then push this, OK? And it is going to create 13 Springboot actuator in our. Mod GitHub server, OK, so let me click on next and click on Finish. Good. So this concludes the check in process, so now I'll see you in the next lecture and then bye bye. Thank you.  