### Step 101. Step-02: Expose all Actuator Endpoints and discuss about them.md
Welcome back. In this lecture, we are going to create a new brand and are the Springboot actuator dependency in our bombed-out example and verify the actual endpoints. So let's see the detail steps in our RESCORED now. So we have. We're going to create the Springboot actuator branch now and then we're going to add the dependancy Springboot starter actuator and then we're going to verify the end point using slash actuator. And by default, only two endpoints will be available health and then in. So we are going to look into those things and then we are also going to discuss about other endpoints available and in documentation link whatever we have here. So let's go back to what I know. So we are in a good repository. Get perspective. No. So let me create a new branch, so master and the last 12 Springboot Swagga documentation all at the same level with the commitment so and to create a branch and 13 Springboot actuator. Right, so now 13, Springboot Atwater is checked out. Let me go here and minimize this. Go to the project and will open the that XML. Right. And we are going to add a Springboot starter actuator that so let me copy the Springboot Starter Web. And then. Pasted here. And so it does actuator that, so let me save it. So currently my Amazon stop, OK, so I really don't need to restart. Just if I started, that will suffice for me. Right. So I have added the Springboot starter actually to dependancy. So now I am starting my JVM so I can start using Springboot up of select disrespect to Java application and Sylvanus Java application. So I prefer to run it as Springboot app so that I get some color coding here, which I'll be happy in looking them in the cancela like this. OK, so. Our applications started, so let's go back to the browser, so let's access the actual end point. So we'll say localhost ADHD slash actuator, right? So as we discussed earlier, we are going to see only two primary endpoints, one is health and the other is in four. So let's click on the health. Right. So it says that status is up. So our job is up and it is saying that status is up. So currently, health is showing only up. So we have other parameters to add to see additional health information of our server. So we'll see that later. So the next is in full, right. So from your perspective, currently we don't have anything. So these are the two main points which we are going to see as part of the public endpoints. OK. And when we enable all the end points to be public, so we are setting whatever we are going to do now. So with that, again, all endpoints will be public and we will be able to use them in real time production. Well, it is not going to be that way, but currently for our exploration, we are going to do that.  