### Step 102. Step-03: SpringBoot Admin Introduction.md
Welcome back. In this lecture are going to understand and implement Springboot admin dependency. So this is not provided by pubertal by default, but the corp centric. There is one company who is providing this and it provides the monitoring features like visual, visually, seeing all the actual metrics on you. Right. OK, so that's about all in all about the Springboot admin. We'll see in detail. So Springboot Admin Server is the application user for managing and monitoring Springboot applications. So it is available as a package or we can even add our respective dependency on the project and then started and then watch it, OK. So in what ways are we can customize it to the level whatever we want by taking the dependencies and then changing the stuff and by default is also available as to what we can deploy in our contacts. Each application is considered as a client and registered to this Springboot admin server. So currently we are building Springboot building blocks, application dates or whatever we have done and then all these sections. So that application is called the client application and that need to be registered with the Springboot admin server. So in the background, all the data are displayed on admin server is using the Springboot actuator and points enabled on the client application. So whatever the data we are going to see on this admin server, that is, we are trying to get that data light from other applications, which is nothing but our client applications, nothing but our microsurgeons application. OK, and then we're going to display that is going to be displayed on this Pingle admin server. So if you see here, it features the dashboard with the stop notifications, so if a game is down at our respective Microsoft Office application is done, it can show that they stop notifications provided if it is, if the browser is in the open state in Florida, one of the process. OK, so the application will be able to use the application, help in finding details, feature using actual trend points. Whatever we have seen currently using the list endpoints in our previous lectures, write health info so those things we can visually see them on the application, so we'll be able to configure a few metrics. So the important point here is not everything we're going to see, only the light data so persistent. Our Time series data will be available on Springboot Admin Server, so we will be able to also use the long term configuration. The same will be able to manage log back logs also directly from the Springboot admin server. So in addition to notifications and then in addition to using the metrics data, we're also able to manage the settings in our Springboot applications using this to Springboot admin server so we can view and use the next Binswanger Eulogio. So this is also possible and we can also use Reddam. We can use to request a recess, which means whatever the request came, what is the content, what is the response going and what is the content. We can see all our lives only and we can history of registered application only. We can see the history which is nothing but stop and start other applications. That's nothing more than that. OK, so end up in this overall Springboot admin's our perspective. The top notch feature. Whatever we see here is notifications. So multiple types of notifications are available, assuming like the realtime environment, if we deploy the Springboot admin server. So that may be recorded without spending money. We want something opensource and then we want to monitor all of our applications. So forget about the metrics and then forget about the health. And then all those things are managing. But what this can do, it can tell us our application updown situations and we can write custom code to capture stuff like that at this point. So I'm so captured and then all those things we can write and then we can finally the notification channel so that we'll be able to get the notifications about our applications. So if I see all all of the light monitoring and alerting solution without any persistent data, are we can even say that time Cedar's data is not available, it doesn't store any data. So whatever is coming from the spring actuators in principle display for us, that's all. So Spring boot admin service notifications, we can see these many notification features are available. As I said in my previous slide, you can see here, oh, notification is the top notch key feature. Right? So in the same year you can see here so we can define remaindered notification notifications made, notifications page to be optioning notifications, slack notifications. Let's let's check notifications, even the Microsoft PIMS finally telegram and even the Discard notifications. So like these multiple things, MORALEZ it's like it like monitoring with notifications. So that's above this spring boot admin server. So the steps, what we're going to follow and then implement that will look into. So we're going to build the best product, which means would have been several different product, which means like it's not on our current building block server project, whatever we are building. OK, so we're using spring initialized. We're going to build a new project. And in the project, what we're going to do is like we are going to select the spring, which started as one of the dependancy, and then we'll go ahead and then. In the project itself, Milada dependency related to admin server and then the stepped waterloo's primed Springboot client application, nothing but our building blocks application to the admin server and posted the features in Springboot admin server. So so we are going to see all the metrics and then all the details on the admin server, whatever is coming with the actual end points. So let's see the list of steps. So we are going to implement this in totally three steps, right. So when is this project set up? And that is trying to the building blocks application to this admin server and then finally test it? OK, so I'll see you in the next lecture by implementing the best project. OK, so . Thank you.  