### Step 103. Step-04: SpringBoot Admin - Base Setup.md
Welcome back. In this lecture, we are going to build the Springboot admin server based project now, so let's go back and see the dependencies and what we are going to do. So what we are going to do is we are going to create a new Springboot project from Springboot initialised and other social dependancy that's being built Administrator Server, which is coming from the Corb Center. So we are going to add it to that one. That is the current latest version, which we are using as of today. And we are going to annotate it would enable admin servers that Springboot main application class and we are going to change it, but also two nine zero zero because Arab Spring based client application building blocks application is listening on AT&T and we are going to access the Springboot admin server. So in addition. So for you to reference any time if you want. Okay, so if if by any chance. If you want to look for the documentation, so I have provided the link as it reference, right. So now let's go back to the project. Right. So we have so far. So we have Springboro Building Blocks project, so let me close these things so far. No, we don't need. OK, so we are going to create a new Springboot project with the spring board initialised directly from the city instead are going to start that spring. That I will. So I'll send you and then I'll Spring Start Starter Project. And the project name I'm going to say is Spring Hardeman. Right. And group name is. Stack simplify, right, and you're also going to give the package namers considered stack simplify dot. I mean, right, so the style looks good packaging, it's language is our version is Yade, so all this looks good. OK, so artifact name is Spring boot Typhon admin. So let me click on next. Right. As I said earlier, I'm going to select the spring, but the starter. OK, so let me also click on Finish. Currently we are using two one six but find two one seven. OK, so click on next and then finish seven years. Springboot admin project is getting created so it will take a while to load the dependencies. It's loaded already. OK, so now what we are going to do here is we are going to copy our enable admin server. Right. So before doing that, we need to copy other. Hopes and click Springboot Administrators', our dependency, right? So let me copy this and go to the form that XML. You are the dependency here, OK? And it. Good. So let me. Start the server. Mostly a through the roadway because we didn't change the port. OK, that's the thing. So let me go to the application that properties and I will say sarva that port is equal to I'll say this as a nine zero eight zero port. OK, so that's good. And one thing we need to do is also we need to annotate it with a direct enabled administrator. Right. So let's also do that with the MAINSPRING admin application that. We're also annotating and telling that it is admin server. So let me save it. So let's start the spring Springboot server now. So it came online, so let's go back to our browser and then say local lost and instead of four eight zero eight zero, we need to say nine zero eight zero. Right. So our Springboot admin project is up and here are the details. So we don't have any applications here. So zero zero and nothing, no applications got registered here. So let's see here. We have completed our step one. Now, in the next lecture, we will focus on pointing out Springboot client application to this Springboot admin server. 
