### Step 100. Step-01: Add Actuator Dependency in pom.xml.md
Welcome back. In this lecture, we are going to understand and implement about Springboot Actuator, so Springboot Actuator monitors and manages Springboot applications using the rest or mix actuator endpoints. So the endpoints offer health checks, metrics, monitoring access to logs, trade bumps, bumps, environmental info and many more if you see on a high level. So the following are the Springboot actuator endpoints we can see here already being Scotians conditions. So all these are all the latest Springboot actuator endpoints if you see here. So these are additional endpoints for spring and we see spring the flux of Jersey. So they'll have additional endpoints also available for us for the. So these are the total actuator endpoints. So we are going to look into in detail about most of the endpoints. Primarily for us. What matters here is about metrics and then monitoring. So will focus on those things as the primary thing and also health. So as usual, our implementation steps starts with our good brand creation and then they will add the Springboot actuator dependency problem that we refer to. It then points, then we'll move on to exposing all the actual trend points, using the application that property settings. In addition, for the health endpoint, we're going to add additional properties here, then run the info endpoint and then a better problem that is similar to building for plug ins so that we can see that building from the info endpoint. In addition, you'll also see if few other messages, whatever we define, within forbad labels. So the same can be shown on the infrared endpoint. So those things we are going to look in step four. Finally, we're also going to look into the metrics endpoint. So I'll see you in the next lecture, the implementation. 