### Step 104. Step-05: Point SpringBoot Client Application to SpringBoot Admin Server.md
Welcome back. In this lecture, we are going to point out Spring boot client application to the admin server so far as our client application is nothing but just know we created this department is nothing but a Springboot building blocks. So let me close other files related to the admin. And now we are only in the building blocks project. Okay, so he had admin is already running with nine zero eight zero. So let me go back to our Vizquel steps. And if we want to add our application right now to our means, like if you want to register our client application to the admin server. So we need to add Springboot admin, start our client in our client server, OK, which is nothing but client applications, product XML. So it is nothing but Springboot admin starter client. OK, so let me copy this and go here and in our Springboot Building Blocks project in the form that XML. So let me make it bigger. We are going to add this right. So we are adding. Springboot admin, starter client. So let me save it. So. We need to stop and start because we have added the new dependency. So let me stop this and again, started back springwater. So it's back online, so the next step is to in the application that properties, we need to point our application, right? So the spring dot dot admin dot climbed you. All right. So we are going to point to the admin server. So we need to add this. The naming convention, I felt, is not right from proper perspective, but whatever they define, we need to use, right. So what it says is that would not admit that claimed that you are OK. Really, we are telling clients this is that manual. But whatever it is given here is claimed that you had it. OK, so that's the thing. So but that's fine. Okay, so whatever they have given as per the documentation we need to follow. So spring that would that I'd be not lying to you. And here we need to give our admin server your order. It is nothing but nine zero eight zero. So I say point to admin server. Right. And then let me save this. OK, so we also need to ensure that all over again. Points out in open state include star. OK, so they are accessible. Right. So let me see star light management and point that the exposure. I said star and then I have saved it. So let me come back here. So one important point here is it also supports Springboot, Cloud, Discovery and claim dependency also available here. So how we have your administrator client for the cloud Biscardi also we have the excellent client and then for all the micro services or whatever we are going to create with the Springboot Cloud. So all those also can be registered with the Springboot admin server and then manager via Springboot Admin. Right. So that's another thing. So now let's go back and then see our instances and then after that are the tags for that. OK, so let's go back to browser so we can see it here in the 1980s and then applications, we can see that one application is registered. Right. So our current application. So let me click on this. So here I don't see any tag here, OK? It's like name of this application I'm not seeing. So I have two options to add the tag. One is use the metadata or use the inflection point. So what I do is I like the metadata. OK, so let me copy this and then go to the properties. And then. And that metadata, right? So let me save it. So let's go back here so you can see environment. I got there immediately as soon as I added the bag. Right. So that looks good. So let me click on this environment and then go inside. So let's start exploring the environment now. So in this lecture, so far, what we have done is we have pointed our Springburn Building Blocks project using this respect to dependency to the admin server. Right. And then we also updated the application that properties with spring that butat admin that claim that morale to our admins are very real and ensure that all of a sudden stahmann, which means all our endpoints are accessible so that we can see each feature on the admin. OK, so only if you run poorly informed then a few specific things. We can only annable those things, but as far as we are demonstrating it, we are going to see everything and to have the tax information for our applications of real Saradha tax. So in the next lecture we're going to focus on testing all the things, whatever from endpoint perspective on the admin UI and then see all those things. 