### Step 34. Step-02: Implement ResponseStatusException for updateUserById RESTful Service.md
Welcome back. In the previous lecture, we implemented the response to this exception for 11 years, thereby 80. So in this lecture, we're going to implement the for our update useability. So let's go ahead and then see the steps which we are going to perform. So first, what we're going to do here is we are going to go to service and update the user usability method with the exception, and also add the checks and balances, which is nothing but whether the user exists in the respective repository. Whenever the user, by the request comes late, we're going to check the rules that exist. And then if that user exists cemetaries, the user doesn't take this to an exception so that we little step we are going to implement. And then the controller, we we're going to apply the title to block for the metal and the catch block. We are going to implement the response status exception and then we're going to go to the postman and then they start to use that for the error message. So both the exception message and then here, should it be status quo. So let's go back to our idea. You know, so we had an update usability user in the user service. We can see I produce about 80. So here we don't have any checks. Like as soon as I send the I.T. and the user body waterloo's and said that need context here and then say to the repository so said right in the Palestinian context and then say, OK, but ideally what we need to do. So we need to check if the are from the local user, from user repository based on that idea and then check if that exists or not. And then if it exists, say it, if not exist with the exception. OK, so I would tell the truth user, not one exception here. So what I'll do is I'll copy these lines from our user by idea. Right. So I'll say control. See. And. So I say this says optional use of. Right, so now what we're doing here is we're going to check your deposit or not find a way to build an I.D. sent, and then if the user is found right, if the user is not found, what we are going to do is we are going to try a new user, not from exception here. If user is not found, if he was found, then using the user user. That said he said the position in context and then return the safety user. So what I'm saying here is that not only the user repository and I'll add some additional message here that provide the correct user data. Right. So this is these are sample services. They might not be 100 percent like instead of sending a dynamically generated I.D., which we have usually when we can send the user name, which will be unique to. Right. So multiple things can be done. But here, the core concept, what we are trying to understand is how to implement the exception handling. OK, so that's the story. So here now we have implemented here update user by idea, like a check the user representative not. And if your settings present, set the context and then save the user. If user is not present, then throw the exception was not one exception with messages user not from the user repository provide the correct user. So that's what we have implemented for update user by. So now if you go to the user controller. Right, it's already throwing the message right. And if you see here, it might be saying the same thing here. Unhandled exception type user not font. Right. So which means we need to enable that like that block and then implement the exception handling for this. OK, so let me see. Try. Right. And let me copy this, OK? Right, and then we have the cash block here, which says. What happened? Yeah, users not for. No exception, he right? And then we are going to throw no response status exception, right? It has to be status as 400 bad requests so I can throw the thing at 400 bad requests, and I also say that I'll get the message from my service lawyer. Maybe it's not a good message, but. And then. Let's close this, OK? So now this completes our updated survey. So what I've done here, so I have implemented a catch block and then that any 10 the I that update you, that my idea and the news are if we get if they use that exist, if not, then use are not handled. Was not one exception here with true new responsibilities. Exception. So let me save this. It's already saved. So let me save. But right now, let's go to the post management district. OK, so we are in the postman. So our choices are producer 80. Right. So let's see if the user one doesn't exist. Right. So I say send. So what happens? It says time stamp status is for bad requests like yours are not from the repository and then provide the correct user. So whatever the message you have given in the service layer, we have got it in the state of response also for granted, bad request. So this completes our implementation of the response to this exception for our update user Bayati method. Right. So we have implemented the changes in service layer controller layer and also tested using Posman. So in the next letter, we'll focus on implementing the same for delete user by 80. But what we will do there is like a little bit different. We'll do everything from side with layer instead of coming at the controller layer, which means in the service layer itself will implement the response status exception. Thank you. 
