### Step 38. Step-06: GIT Commit, Push, Merge to Master and Push.md

We'll come back, one final step is to checking the code, what we have done so far and then push it to our respective repositories. So I will go to the staging and then I will make it bigger. Right. So we have captured these files, whatever, and then created two new friends and notable exceptions. So I say. Response status. Exception must come it right and then I click on it and then push so that this will be pushed to the remote repository to. Good. So this complete so another thing will go over get. Perspective, and then we will check out the master, right? Yes, I want to check out the master. Before that, I'll go to my gym here and then stop the gym. OK, so I'll go back to get perspective and I'll check out the master. Do you really want to check out my stuff? Yes. OK, so I take that master. So I would imagine my exception handling branch into the master. So I would say much OK, with my 04 exception, handling my master will be master with exception handling it good. OK is computer response. Should have exception for good. So now I have a master here. I'll push the same branch to the remote. Right. If you. And then push it. OK, so push completer, so if you see exception handling and let me do your final refresh so that we get the latest things. Here it is, it filed for refresher. You can see here both have the same comical fine and B nine six two four zero four a.m. the same also M. and 04 had the same chemicals. So which means our respective branch where we have committed to the changes and we implemented and committed to achieving this. And our master plan in both local and remote are in sync. So this confirms that we are good with this and in the next section, whatever we are going to discuss, but again, will create the new branch and test it. So now you have the advantage of checking out whatever branch we want. Okay, so this is nothing, but this is ground zero branch. Okay. Which is we don't have any other code, so this is only a world. And after that we have implemented a user management service in the same way. This is exception handling so like this. So every incremental mode we are doing it. So this will help you in checking out and then testing in an incremental manner. Thank you. 
