
### Step 32. Step-00: Create git branch - local & remote.md
Welcome back. In this lecture, we are going to create a good branch for our next section implementation, which is nothing, but we are going to implement exception, handling and response to codes for our application, which we have built. So we are going to first go ahead and then check the gate status to verify whether we are in the M.B.A. or not. So from Master Branch, we are going to check out with Hyphen B option to create a new branch named for the exception handling response to quotes. And from that, we are going to also create a limited branch and then push the current base code to the remote branch. You get set up stream origin zero. The exception, handling response status course. And we can even go back to our GitHub repository and verify our branch got created or not. So this is the big step before starting any the our. Implementations for respective sections so far, this respectless action will first complete this these steps. OK, so let's go back to our comment line, which is nothing but a the next terminal and. First, we need to check gett status, so we are on the branch master. We can also see get sure branch. OK, so which will show us the. Branches, which we have currently, OK? So if I see here the master branches with typical business services, development, computer and police and Branch zero three is also a business service document completed which says that do not user management. This is already a matter to master and master has the latest code with us. OK, so now we'll go ahead and then create the new branch. OK, so. Get check out Fenby and then zero for. Exception handling and also response status courts. This is what we're going to implement now. OK, so now if you see get. Status. Wearing brand 04 exception, handling this straight, as you can see it here on Brand. So now what we need to do is we need to get push, right. And then we will set up the upstream. Right, set upstream. And in the origin, so also provide the same brand name. Korpi. Best mode. So it will take a while because it will be pushing the current code base to the remote plant. Yeah, so if you see here we have the new brand created on the remote and from local branch to remote brand. We have the changes got sinked. OK, let's go to our browser and then verify the same. So we are in this stacks, Springboot building blocks, right, so we'll see the branch, you know, we have the 04 exception handling, OK? The latest could be a sucker for B to 036. C, the business services development completer. Right. So this completes our step zero zero, which is nothing but creating a new branch of our new exception, handling and response to the skorts implementation. Thank you. 