### Step 37. Step-05: Implement HTTP Status code & Location Header for createUser Service.md
Welcome back. In this lecture, we're going to implement his typical response called Astudillo One created for the user creation service and also the location that we are going to be using. You are a component builder so that the location will be the part of the user which it has created. OK, so let's see how we are going to do that so we will see the steps first. So we are going to implement this completely in the control. More so in the controller here. We are going to implement two things. One is that the one created and the other is the location header. So location that we are going to use there, you are a component builder to build it. So another important thing here is when we are building it, right. So it's a location header, so which is nothing but a header. So we are going to set the headers here for location and it's like a desktop set. Location of location had been using very competent builder. So that's where we can to implement. So let's go back to already idea and do that now. And once that is done, we're going to create a user and then test it. Right. So I am here now. So first, what I'm going to do is I'm going to set. To find that you are a company builder. So you are a component builder, and then I'll say Dallas builder, right. And no, the next thing is up. So let the user get created. We don't have any problem with that. OK, so once the user is created. Yeah, here, OK, once the user is created, so let me say why I'm not returning anything here currently. Yeah, so. Once the user is created, what should happen? That's the important thing, right? So. They will. Petfinder has treated beheaders, no. It does. This is a call to. You just heard us. Right, and then I will say at the start said location, location, header. Right. So this is the one that said location inside this, I'm going to say that that part I'm going to set the part right. So in part, first thing in my what will be my partner here? So slash, you know, just slash how you divide. So that is the path and thought how I'm going to get by using dart board and then expand and I'm going to be using you. Dart, dot, dot. Right. And then see who you are. So that now I have my location on the desert with the smashing of or whatever that I created. So now what we need to do is we also need to return the responsibility. Right, which is nothing. But one is Hadass and then one is has to be a status created. So let me do that now. So you. Response entity and I watch these wild ride. And. The parameters are Hadass, and that is how it to be so so far we have we to this location here that we should be good and another one which we need to achieve nothing but has to be status quo. OK, so. Let me put response entity so that we are good, so now you're also going to defend Leveton Typewrite, such an attitude and take responsibility, right? So that's good. So now if you see here, what we have been able to do is create a user user got created and we are going to set the Hadass. And it's like a had this in history to be here that we are going to set the location header with the user slash. I like user part and then we're going to return it back, OK. So what we're going to return to sender has to be status created. OK, so let me save this right. And let's go back to our Posman. Right. And then this is the create user. So I'll say this is a fun one. OK, so let me play this. OK, so I said, so what happened? You can see it here. Two zero one was a God created in the same game. And the group of the headers here, see the location had that right. So location, its original slash one. So let me create one more user for our convenience. Right. So let me get this up. So I'll say the user to and then as soon as the constraints, we need to change both of them. Right. So I'll say one more time. See, now, location header is true. And should it be status quo, that was the one created. So this completes several created as a method implementing both the location header and also the history to be status quo to zero. 
