### Step 33. Step-01: Implement ResponseStatusException handling for getUserById.md
Welcome back. In this lecture, we're going to implement Lesperance status except for get useability service. So so we will see the series of steps we are going to follow as part of that. So here are the series of steps we are going to follow to implement Response Trade Association for that useability. So first we are going to define customer exceptionally year, which is nothing but customer exceptions package. And then we are going to create a simple user, not fond exception class, which extends the exception. And then we move on to the service layer and service layer. We are going to update the usability matter with the exception, which is nothing but the smartphone exception. And we are going to check for user and if not existant to an exception. And once this exception is the user is not in an exceptionally strong we need to cast that exception in the control layer. So we are going to change the user by the method in control. Let me try catch block and catch Marchman implement. That is one status exception and then will go to the postman and then we will test it. And in addition to that, as we have been able to use in our project, so we also will also get the place filled. Also Priestley's attribute also in Nevada, decent response so that we are going to update our application. That property is entrees track never. So we will do that. So once that is done and verify the response again, with the exception message and the host UDP status code. So this all these steps will implement in our response status exception for a little bit usability service. OK, so let's move on. I know. So first, go to get perspective and cross-check our brand, which is zero for the exception, handling and then response to it as quote, so which we have in the check out model, which means we can go ahead and start over. And so we'll go here and then create a new class. And I will say you are not from the exception under the package exceptions. Right. So I'll see the exceptions and I will say. You was not fun, right, and then I'll click on Finish. So this is my usual not fun exception class. So we are going to extend this class. So I'll say extends. Exception. So we've also added differentiable much Nadira generated serial vaccinator here, and then we will define our constructor here, so to define will go to certain date constructors for Superclass and I'll deselect all and I'll just say exception string right and generated. So we have created our default constructor here ok, which is nothing but our constructor using our super classes. So this is done and next is. This completes our user, not fond exception, glass creations, so let me save this and come out. And now next, more on Borella. Service leader. So we are in the service layer now, so let me make it bigger and let's go to get usable ideas service. OK, so what we need to do here is so whenever an event occurs, which means like whenever a user tech happens and then if that user doesn't exist, so it should be an exception. So this method should throw an exception named user. Not for the exception. So. Fund, so let me rename this I just. Every time I forget this, so we next and then finish, OK, right now let's come back to use a service and then use it not for my throat use and not for an exception and then import the. Yes, an art form, exhibition class. OK, so not so whenever we don't find the Heidi, it throws an exception, use an art form exception. So what is the next step? So we need to cross-check if the user is present and if the user is present, then return that respect to the user. And if user is not present, then through this exhibition. Right. So let's do that now. So I've. OK. User is present. Right, not of you is present. Then through new user, not for exception. Right, and what is the message so far, my views are not from the exception. We have one input, which is nothing but that message, right. So I'll see you are not found in use of repository. Right. And then I will say this. OK, so. That's good. So we have completed our service changes, so Filiatrault, what we have done here so far, they've got the user by I.D. service so far that we expect to get user by the method we have implemented, that it was an exceptional user, not one exception. Whenever the user is not present. And we have to check that if user is not present through this news and not from exception, videos are not found in user repository message. So we also define this user not for an exception here. OK, no exceptions package. So this completes our service layer changes. OK, then we'll move on to our controller changes now so we can see, you know, as soon as we have implemented the exception handling for this user by method, we are seeing the mode in the control of Syria, which means we are currently not handling that exception here. OK, so let's go here and then handle that exception. You can see it here. OK, so currently unhandled exception type are not one exception. You can see it here, right? So now we are going to implement that. We are going to handle that exception. So we are going to introduce it like that block here. And in that block we are going to. Add this thing, OK, so control likes control. Yeah, and in the catch block, I'm going to say user, not phone got user not for an exception. Yikes. Right. And then if I find that exception, if I catch that exception, you first improve that. OK, so I have inputted. So now if I find that exception then. Through a new exhibition named Lesperance Status Exhibition, so he starts our response to this exceptional response status exhibition, right. And then come and you've got to import it right. So let me see this. So let's define the constructor first. TTP status. Not. Not phone. And. You can also say we can give our customers this year whatever we want. OK, so are we can see exhibition DOT and get MRD so that whatever the message we have defined in our service, the same message will be displayed. OK? So good. So this completes our try catch block implementation in good usability. So what happens here is whenever the user right. Whenever you're not the exception is thrown at the service layer, it will be cached here. And then we are going to say this one status exception through history to be not for nothing but for, for and then also send a message. Whatever we have defined in our service layer here, which is nothing but user not found in user repository. Right. And let's see if this. Right. So our ridi, this is currently not running, Stuart, so let me start our spring boot up. This spring, boot up. OK, so our application got started, so we'll go through a variety, you know. OK, so our postman, so we are in the postman now. So if you see get used by Eddie. There should not be any idea with the one we should have by the 500 at one zero one zero one one zero two and then one zero three. Right. So those will be available for us. OK, but with one oh, we don't have any. We currently are with 1000. We don't have any idea in our database. Right. So, see, we have got the timestamp, which is the timestamp status error message clear. And in part this is the spring paraded before the constructor, which is nothing but the photo model. Okay. So in this way will get the responses currently. So if you want, we can customize the teratogenic exception handling the class. OK, but for now we are getting the spring standard. Ones will do the best for us. Why? Because most of the thing is already constructed here. But if we have a need, we can even add a gentle exception, handling class and then our own what we call our own attributes there. OK, so here we can see a timestamp and the status load we said has to be not found. It is for four. We got it. And also saying that it is not fun and it was also sending the message that are getting message. We said he was not found in use repository, whatever we have defined in the service layer. In addition, we can also see that we are getting the trace right. So in this case, we need to be able now because we have enabled the tools we are getting that we will disable it anyway. So in the part of the user we are trying to access, we we we are getting it here. So let's go back to our. This one, right, and this is the parameter, right, Sara, that includes. So this one, we will copy it and then pasted in our application dot properties to disable the. Thing which is coming in our response. OK, so I click on application that properties. And I'll see. And I'll say never. OK, hold on, trust, but on whatever it is, OK, but currently by default, it will be set as always. So which we are disabling. Let me save it, OK? So my job is getting reloader after the sale. So let me go back to the postman and then one more request, OK? Now it looks very good for us. OK, so time stamp status error message in the bath and we are saying he was not found in use a repository. Right. So this is the thing. So this completes our. Response, status, exception, implementation for a look at user by. So what we have done, just to reiterate, we have implemented custom exceptionally OK, which is nothing but custom exceptions. Package and the use are not the exception. And we have implemented the service layer for the user by the method that throws exception and then also implemented exception. Check when you need to be thrown and whatever the exception thrown, we are going to catch that exception in that control layer and then using try catch block. And we implemented the exception there with the response status exception with both be status quo and message and material. So we are bringing it from our side, which will be defined. And we went and then tested it using Posman and then seeing the proper responses. Whatever we got, whatever we have defined. We also know that we assign exceptions, OK, because of whatever is coming, we have removed it. OK, so and we have verified again and we have got the proper exception message and then has to be status code. So this completes the implementation of this masturbators exception for that user by 80 or so in the next lecture and focus on implementing the same further update usability. Thank you. 
