### Step 35. Step-03: Implement ResponseStatusException for deleteUserById RESTful Service.md
Welcome back. In this lecture, we we're going to implement a response to the school exception for the disability service directly at the service layer. So let's see how we are going to do. What are the steps involved here? OK, so let me go to the steps. OK, so if we are going to go to this man, check for two years and if not exist, then throw the response status exception directly. OK, so there is no customer message and then handle the sadness. Look at the controller. So in control made no changes. OK, directly we are going to implement this at the service layer and then test it. OK, so let's go back to what I really know. And we are in the user service. Not so it here. OK, so you are saying. That if you saw the predator, that fine bird is present, then you're not delayed, but so we can remove all those things like, ah, let me bring this out here, OK? And then let me remove this and then copy the same thing, which we have done it for our average user, by the way, because we're going to check the user. And then if the user is not present, then through the exception and if the user is present, then deleted, that is the thing. Right. So it's the same concept here. So just copied here, that's all. So now if you see what we are doing is if the user will find the user, what they've done, whatever input parameter will find the user and if the user is not present, then throw a new exception. No exception is going to be here in response to this exception. So let me see. Response status. Exception, and I'm going to say it is to be Dr.. SJP status, not a bad request, right? And the messages seem so, and we need to import this that so import response, status exception. That's all. And then we are good. So let's see what we have done here, OK? So. The user sent as input parameter ID, so we'll go and maintain that user in the user repository, and if the user is not present, then for response to the exception, that status quo type status, that bad request for 400 and the message was not found was was repository provider correctives already. So that's about the thing. OK, so that's what we're going to do. So this completes our delete user by implementation. So let's save this and then go ahead and test it now. So we have saved it. Let's go back to our Posman. Right. And here is the thing, OK? So one should not be in our database. So let's hear one. Right. And if you see, we got that right. So your status is Freudenberg by request and method is used not only the repository but the correct user. So that's about the thing. OK, so this completes the implementation of delete user bidi, that response to the exception. So in the next election, we'll see the create user thing. Thank you. 
